'Don't expect fancy accommodations or fine dinning here (unless you book dinner at the Thai restaurant, which unfortunately wasn't available for us during the two nights we stayed there). I stayed at Dos Playas for two nights with a family member who owns a travel agency and was in Cancun with a group of 51 foreign high school students traveling through Mexico. After checking into a room that was exceptionally small, we requested to be moved to a different one. Although the room we got in exchange was only a few feet from the original room and in the same ground level, it felt immediately wrong. The shower floor had mold and the tiles were old -- some were even broken. And the beds? You could actually feel the mattress springs sticking up against your back! Not having paid for my own stay because I was there as a family guest (the one who owns a travel agency), I decided not to complain. I used a towel the first night as an additional layer between the mattress and me, and managed to get some sleep. That all changed the next night though, when I found two tiny bugs jumping off my pillow as I was getting ready to go to bed... fleas!! We found them on the other bed as well! We went to the front desk and demanded to be moved to a different room. The new room was clean with a modern looking bathroom and a nice shower head. What a difference! Oh, and the beds were actually comfortable, too. After bringing this issue to the attention of the hotel management, we were told that they had given us a room that "wasn't managed by the hotel" but was the only one they had available when we requested to be moved the first time. (Of course, no one mentioned that before.) Our conclusion: they gave us a room used by hotel staff, and it probably wasn't even cleaned before we took it. All I can say is shame on them for showing so little appreciation for someone who is bringing business to them. I'm pretty sure there are plenty of places in the area that would be thrilled to welcome a group of more than 50 guests and would probably go out of their way to assure that the group leader gets the best treatment they can offer. Needless to say, we won't be going back. Room Tip: Make sure the room you get is actually managed by the hotel! See more room tips'