'This hotel is located nearby to Strasbourg Saint-Denis Metro Station. Walking distance. Hotel location is not really centre of town. No shopping mall, mainly commercial building. Only few restaurants and cafeterias nearby, one supermart within vicinity, and few retails shop nearby the hotel. Hotel lobby is small. The lift is even smaller which can only occupied max 2 persons with bags. Rooms are rather small and depends on what type of room you book. A real low-budget hotel and definitely a 'cheapskate' one. I personally do not recommend this hotel to you, not even if you are a backpacker, whereby you can see drugs dealer making businesses, prostitution around, beggars on street and hanky-panky massages centre. You'll get sleepless nights due to loud noises from fighting, screaming voices and cars speeding and passersby on the street (which can be loudly heard through closed windows). This is the worst experience I had and seen in all my trips... Only one receptionist on-duty (an Indian fellow - front bald head), No smiling face, moody and mood swing. I witness with my own eyes, he shouted loudly to every guest for key drop each time the guests out from the hotel, scolded the guests for making the floor dirty, showing angry faces to the guests for picking up extra copies of brochures placed on the lobby shelf and etc. Such a bad attitude staff. Why the hotel employer employed such a staff to work in the hotel with bad atititude towards the guests? Fire him!!! I never thought this would happens to me too, after seeing the guests been harrassed in such ways. I asked for late check-out for only 10-mins, he shouted and scolded me, "No! cannot! You have to GET OUT early! If you late GET-OUT and I'll charged you 1-day room rate". I am a guest of the hotel and I paid. Guests don't deserve this type of BAD service.... I've been travelling around the world, visiting so many places, I have not encounter such bad and worst low class budget hotel in all my trip. If you were me, will you want to stay in such hotel? Don't stay in anymore..... WORST.... Room Tip: Not this hotel See more room tips'