'We did not rate this hotel at all, we booked for two rooms to sleep three adults each, we stated we did not want the Ocas hotel. No Drawer space to unpack. the room was not big enough for three adults the first room they gave us had a two stanard beds and a childs bed. they soon moved us to a room with three stanard beds.The air conditioning did not work at all so we had to sllep with the door open forair circulation as it was very hot at night and the smell of the drains kept coming up through the bathroom. The pool bar they display in the brochure was not in use and the hotel its self is very dated and in need of being updated When we complained to the head House keeper Ms Munoz she just laughed. the staff were not interested they claim to want customer feed back so i asked to see the manager on the Thursday it was agreed i could see the Manager Ms Sanmartins on the Friday at 5.30, when i arrived a 5.30 nobody knew anything about a meeting being requested, I had to wait a further 2hours 15minutes to see a rude Duty Manager who inplied that i was a liar and did not want to discuss any of my complaints. she informed me that the Photo board stating the order of the managemnt structure within the hotel was out of date as the General manager had retired some 3 months earlier and a new one was not apointed as yet but a young girl called Isobella was infact a section manager but she only started 4 months ago and was therefore not on the board. Thomas Cook rep could not help us as we had only booked the Holiday through them and it was not a Thomas Cook Holiday. The rooms were very dusty and dirty the floors needed wet mopping and the food was displayed Buffet style didn't look much and tasted very bland the frite was at times not ripe or it was rotten, You could not buye a drink at the bar and take it into the dining room as they would refuse you entry, but you could purchase another one from the bar inside the dineing room. Overall my stay at this hotel was dreadfull and felt they play on the fact that this complex is used as the setting for the BBC sitcom Benidorm. I've never watched this programme and after staying at the hotel i don't think i ever will. Grat location but there are much nicer hotels in the same area who offer a whole lot more for the same kind of money. in fact knowing what we know now we woulod have been cheaper going to a more upper class Hotel for what we paid and enjoyed the whole thing. Room Tip: Great Location but you need choose a better Hotel. See more room tips'