'I honestly don't understand how this place got such great reviews. My husband and I are well traveled people so condo rentals are nothing new to us. As always, I read reviews of other travelers before booking a reservation. As such, this is how we ended up atVillas Marlin. My family (husband, 18month old girl, & mother) and four friends rented villa 511 for 7 nights last week. It had been raining a couple of days before we arrived and would continue to rain for two more days after we arrived. Upon arrival Alvin showed us the villa and mentioned that because it had been raining for the last couple of days, we would probably see some "ants" if we were not diligent about keeping crumbs swept up and to make sure the kitchen stayed clean at night. We were diligent and while we never saw a single “ant” during our stay, we saw and killed several cockroaches! The first night alone I sighted three and this was before we brought any food or groceries into the house! When I emailed Alvin to tell him this he replied by saying that "the rain will bring in all kinds of bugs". We ended up putting all our pantry items and seasonings in zip lock bags to keep the bugs from getting into them at night. We even left the kitchen lights on at night as Alvin suggested, but those bugs didn't care they came out in broad daylight too. The villa itself, at first glance, looks very nice, but upon closer inspection it did not look very clean. The livingroom sectional had stains all over it and had a couple of small rips in the upholstery. There was a sponge in the kit sink that looked like it had been over-used for many purposes. I washed everything in the kitchen closets and drawers in hot water before using it. There wasn’t a single bath rug in the house for stepping onto after coming out of the shower. Not even a small towel to step onto! The jetted tub in the master bath did not look like it had been cleaned in a while. None of us wanted to soak our bodies in it. The vanity lights in the master bath and bedroom were completely destroyed and nonoperational. There were no towel racks or hooks to hang wet towels on. Same went for the bathroom upstairs. We ended up hanging our bathing and beach towels on closet doors and broken light fixtures and over stair railing. The windows in the livingroom and masterbedroom leaked terribly due to the high winds we had in the first couple of days we were there. I woke up Sunday morning to find puddles of water in the livingroom of which I almost slipped and fell. My 18 month old slipped in the master bedroom because water had leaked through the bedroom window. We had to use what few towels we had in the villa and some of our sheet s to clean the water up. I immediately emailed and left messages for Alvin and Fernando to let them know of our emergency and that we needed new towels . (At least we found a good use for the jetted tub in the master bedroom--where we dumped all the wet towels and sheets. ) We later discovered that the livingroom window had an outside shutter that could be pulled over the window to prevent further water from blowing into the livingroom. It would have been nice if someone could have mentioned that valuable bit of info so as to prevent further water from entering the livingroom. The villa website said the kitchen was fully equipped. Not so, the toaster did not work (and was never replaced even though I emailed Alvin about it), the toaster oven worked but it had a dirty tray inside of it. When I first turned it on, one good sized cockroach crawled out of it. When I first arrived to the villa, I quickly assessed that I did not have enough cookware. Fernando was kind enough to track down some additional pots & knives for me. The only other positive thing I have to say about this place is that the pool areas were nice. However it would have been nicer if the jacuzzis were heated. The ocean was beautiful, but the beach itself was dirty with trash, debris, and seaweed from all the rainy weather we had been experiencing. However, when we went two bus stops down to the beach at the Marriott (after the storms passed) , we could tell they had cleaned their beach of much of the debris from the storms. The beach at Marlin stayed dirty the whole week we were there. In summary even if everything else had been perfect, the fact that the place was crawling with cockroaches is enough for me to say NEVER EVER AGAIN!!'