'DO NOT STAY HERE EVER!!!!!! First impressions good,nice reception area, really nice spacious and modern apartment. Then I pulled back the cover on my bed. The under side of my cover had a fleecy lining, with a few extras! A used plaster, pubic hairs, and long dark curly hairs too. This was disgusting! I pulled the whole lot off, even though I think the sheets were clean. Also there were cockroaches, the staff blamed this on the local roads being treated, forcing them into the apartments! There's far worse to come!! We arrived in the evening, and decided to drop our luggage off into our rooms and have a quick change and then go out for a meal. When we went down to reception, we asked how to sort out the safes and the prices. We explained to receptionist that we would go out for something to eat and then sort out the safes when we got back. We were out for a few hours, and when we returned ALL OF OUR MONEY HAD BEEN STOLEN!!!! Our room was locked, all windows locked and we were on 9th floor. When we spoke to reception they did not care!! They laughed!! They did not say sorry, and said it was our fault for not having a safe. We had only just arrived, there were no cleaners at that time of night. It must have been the staff!! When we told the police thay said this was not the first case of theft at this place. An Ipad had been stolen a few days before too. Also whilst we spoke to other guests, we found others had the locks broken off their suitcases whilst in their rooms, and other guests had some smaller items stolen from their rooms too. To make it worse, the following day when the police had visited the hotel, the hotel receptionist said the police had said we were liars and that if we insisted that the staff were thieving then then police would come back for us!! This was scare tactics but it did not work, we said 'bring it on!!' but nothing happened. The hotel staff denied all responsibility of this incident, they showed no remorse, did not apologise, did not offer any type of compensation, shrugged shoulders and smurked when we explained the situation. DO NOT LET THEM RUIN YOUR HOLIDAY, LIKE THEY DID OURS!! STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!'