'We've just returned from a week long stay in these apartments of which we had 3 between 5 of us; myself & my girlfriend, my girlfriends sister, nephew and mother. (5th - 12th June 2012) Upon arrival we were impressed with the look and feel of the complex and the roomy and seemingly clean looking apartments. As we didn't arrive until after 8pm we decided to leave our cases and other belongings in our rooms and head off out to have something to eat. As we were leaving the apartments we asked at reception about the safes in each room and we were told there was an extra charge of €2.50 a day. We were okay with that and told the receptionist we would sort it out in the morning as we were all quite hungry and eager to get some dinner. We were out of the apartments for approximately 3 hours and when we returned to our rooms I was greeted by a cockroach scurrying across the kitchen floor! My girlfriends sister went to prepare the beds for her and her son to sleep and when she pulled back the bed covers she was horrified to find a used plaster and many hairs in the bed!! The worst find was in the apartment my girlfriends mother was staying in. She went to return some money to her purse which she had stored in one of the wardrobes only to find that €800 cash had been removed. There had been no break in and we were on the 9th floor so the only way in to the room was with a key as the door was locked when we left and had been locked again after the light fingered visitor's departure. We reported the theft to the receptionist who had an indifferent attitude towards the whole situation and told us we'd need to speak with the head receptionist in the morning. The following morning we went to see the head receptionist, Marco Guerrero. His attitude was disgusting as he found it all rather amusing, actually smiling and laughing! He kept on about it being covered by our insurance and we should see the local police to report it. No sympathy or apology at all! The female receptionist, the one who we had asked about the safes on the previous evening, was quite uppity making us feel we were wrong to even bother reporting it to them! We spoke to a number of other people throughout our visit who had also suffered from unwanted visitors to their rooms. Two girls had their case locks smashed off but had nothing of value stolen. The hotel offered them new locks for their cases! Other people had suffered petty theft such as make-up going missing. During the week my girlfriend had items disappear including sun block and sanitary towels! So petty theft is rife at the hotel. We reported the theft of the money to the police and they informed us that someone had reported the theft of their i-Pad the previous week from the same apartments. The police contacted the hotel on the Monday morning and this just seemed to anger Marco Guerrero who then accused us of lying about what the police had said (which we didn't) and if we continued to say such things he would get the police to investigate us! When we invited him to actually do so he became incredibly sheepish. So, that's the thefts covered. The dirty bed linen was resolved by the hotel staff supplying us with some clean linen but no apology and the cockroach was to be dealt with the following day. It wasn't. I chased it around the apartment when we returned on the evening of the day it was supposed to be dealt with and I managed to catch and dispose of it. We were visited by another one a few days later but didn't report that, just dealt with it myself. Breakfast was included in our stay and we felt obliged to eat it as we were already €800 down. The girls were quite happy with the pain-au-chocolat and other similar offerings but the cooked breakfast buffet was a sorry affair, all cold and dripping in grease. Fried eggs that were the consistency of hard boiled ones, tinned cocktail sausages and bacon that almost needed a magnifying glass to find the meat between the fat. Yeah, okay - the beans were nice! We ate at the snack bar a couple of lunch times. It was convenient but over priced and unimaginative microwaveable meals were all that were on offer. That said, the man running the snack bar was the only member of staff we met all week that was friendly and welcoming. A room cleaning service is said to occur but it doesn't. We had towels changed a couple of times and the bed linen once but no actual cleaning took place. We enjoyed the pool on a few occasions. As the hotel was far from full we found the size of the pool and surrounding area to be adequate. One thing to note in this area is that the parasols were very, very dangerous. The bases they used to prop them up in were not the correct ones for the parasols (they were too big) so any small gust of wind and there were parasols flying over sunbathing guests! The pool attendant would attempt in vain to stop this by wedging a thin piece of cardboard into the hole to help secure the parasol which of course, it didn't. We were told the hotel doesn't have insurance to cover internal theft but I do hope they have very good public liability insurance!! Other than the cockroach in the room there are a couple of other things to mention. The shower door had been removed at some point and replaced by a dirty flimsy plastic shower curtain. This proved useless as when the shower was switched on, the curtain was sucked in to the cubicle and wrapped itself around the occupant! Also, the shower itself was so inconsistent it was almost impossible! From good pressure to no water at all and from extremely cold to scalding hot! Although I don't think TV is important while on a sunshine holiday I know some people do. All of the English channels were very poor pictures and sound, barely viewable. As we had a late flight home on the day of our departure we asked at reception if we could keep one of the rooms for an extra 4 hours. Of course, ordinarily, we expect a charge for this but did hope after the trouble we'd had with theft they would waive this charge as a good will gesture. They did not, nor did they offer any reimbursement, compensation, apology or even sympathy! The location of this place is excellent. A 5 minute stroll from the beach, restaurants, bars and shops. Sadly, this is not a good enough reason to risk having your money and possessions stolen so I can't recommend this hotel at all; in fact I advise everyone against staying at Apartamentos NuriaSol. Room Tip: Rooms in other hotels are safer. See more room tips'