'I wanted to write a review about a hotel a friend of mine booked thru internet wich was absolutely horrible. We stayed at this hotel for one night. We came there saturday 12o clock and couldn't leave our baggage, so we decided to check in later that day, around 19h in the evening we arrived at the hotel again and checked in to room 203 on the second floor. The carpeting looked old and dirty, the furniture in the hallway; wich harbored the bedlinnen; was broken down and crooked. The room we where staying in had stained walls, the balcony and window was old; dirty and growing moss, The bathroom's fake seiling was stained with watermarks and looked grizzly. but the beds looked relatively "ok" and i got the stay as a birthday present so i'm not eager to complain. Since the beds looked ok we weren't worried. after hitting the town we came back around 00o clock to go to sleep. The next morning around seven i woke up and saw something on my pillow. it didn't sink in at first, but after a few minutes i realised i saw a bedbug who clearly just had breakfast running around my pillow. As i roze from the bed i discovered at least three more happily fullfilled bed bugs. Like the second and third stage of this illustration [3]http://www.bed- wants.nl/bedwants_stadia.jpg After a closer look, the sheets and pillowcovers had small bloodstains on them, they where also kind of yellowish in some areas; clearly visible in daylight (thats why we didn't see it in the evening). I was spooked about the insects in my sleeping place and woke my best friend. We called downstairs in panic, they offered us another room, out of fear of more bugs we declined. We took everything from the beds; washed up; packed our worn clothes in plastic bags (they had been on the floor, probably infested now) and got out without breakfast, because we figured "if the beds are that dirty, what about the kitchen?". I cought the bedbugs in a glass and we showed the receptionist downstairs who didn't want to give us acces to the manager. And also informed us it had happend before. We where quite stunned about this response; clearly they weren't planning on changing it either. We left without a refund at that point only with a card with a phonenumber and instructions to "call the manager the next day, because he was not available on sunday morning" The next day my best friend called the manager and we got a full refund after arguing about it with the hotel manager. I think this is absolutely unforgivable and even a hazard to public health to say the least. Think twice about booking this hotel.'