'I really don't know where to start as we are so dissapointed with Europa Appartments in Blanes....Me and my boyfriend have stayed in room number C1 - 1 from 1st till 8th June 2012. We were really exited about our holidays. First it started at reception when we arrived we were asked to give £50 deposit and when we were booking our holidays nothing was mentioned about the deposit. Rooms were great size but our room was so stinky from the mop that has been left in the bathroom. We had one toilet paper roll in our bathroom when we used it out and I went to ask for some more I was told by such rude Scotish older lady that works on reception to go to shop to buy one I couldn't believe my ears. The whole stuff is completely ussless and rude! I haven't met such grumpy and moody people like this before! You booking your holiday and first thing that crosses your mind is " I'll have a great rest there". Guess what not in these Apartments from Hell full of drunken teenagers that are without their parents or any adults that would keep an eye on them! We didn't get any sleep at all as those little rats were leaving apartments before 11pm and running from disco, which was jus opposite our room, back to the aparments screaming in their rooms, vomiting on balcony believe or not till 5am and then the bar that belongs to apartment started at 9am playing loudly tv or music plus the stuff cleaning ladies talking loudly and having fun there! Are you trying to complain?! Forget about any help from the stuff, they just don't give a s..t! They answer was oh we know we are very sorry, when we went for the second time to complain the Scotish lady said "those are English people, call your company". And another thing is that there wasn't any welcoming restauratnt around Blanes only one where the stuff was happy to see costumers and serving you with honest smiles the name of it is Call Tony. Thanks got we rented a car for five days so we managed to make mostnof our holidays and travel to Barcelona and around Costa Brava. But me and my boyfriend are sure we wouldn't recommend these appartments to anybody...and wouldn't go back there for free! Shame on the whole stuff that are letting it going down the hill.'