'Booked a room here for two nights after spending 6 nights in Cozumel based on the tripadvisor reviews and we were so looking forward to our jungle stay. We arrived and it would be impossible for someone to be less friendly than Jarerdo. Didn't tell us anything about the property, offer us a drink or maybe even one of his famous margaritas. Had to ask where the pool was and he pointed to it, it was filthy by the way. His main concern was what he thought he was owed. He told me I needed to pay my balance which I thought was a bit strange considering I only owed $20 but he showed me his paperwork and it showed yes I paid the $120 through booking.com but I owed another $140 and that the total was $260. I figured I must have made a mistake so I paid. I then looked at my confirmation from Casa Valentina and booking.com and it clearly stated $140 total so I asked Jarerdo about it and he immediately got defensive and said he needed to skype Valentina as she was responsible for the booking, next thing you know he's screaming at her like a maniac. Little disturbing yes, but he brought us the money and blamed Valentina. Lets be serious here, he knew the room wasn't $130 a night. I asked him if the guests could use the fridge and he said no " it's my business" if you need something you could purchase it from me, I said oh perfect you have wine, no only beer. OK no biggie I'm only here two nights. Onto the room, your in the jungle, it's very humid and hot so I asked him where the remote was for the A/C and he said you don't need A/C it gets cold at night, I said I'd like to have it just in case, he then tells me the last guest who stayed in the room stole it, so no A/C. The guy is a liar and a bad one at that plain and simple. So we go to Playa Del Carmen for dinner, and don't let him B.S. you about it being 15 to 20 mins. away, it takes nearly 10 mins. to get to the highway and at least another 25 mins. from there. Had a nice night in Playa, great dinner, people and music. Get back to the room, have to leave my un-lockable screen door open and it's hot, humid, no air movement and a rooster crowing all night (they don't wait for sun rise in the jungle apparently). The bed and linens are cheap as well. Also the toilet doesn't have a real door, more like shutters or the kinda door on a saloon in an old western, so no privacy whatsoever, it's located about 4 feet from the headboard on the bed, so you literally hear everything going on in there. I had to leave the room to give my wife some private time and I got eaten alive by mosquitoes. OK it's morning, I had a terrible nights sleep we sit down to scrambled eggs and fatty ham, cold re fried black beans and coffee, no juice. Fine enough but where I finally lost it was when another couple staying sat down near us, he's very nice to them and he brings them two big glasses of fresh squeezed juice to start, I may sound petty but there is no doubt in our minds he did it on purpose. I told em he was rude and we were outta there, he said you know I'm by myself, like that's an excuse for being a total jerk. I know I sound bitter and I certainly am and you would be too if you got this dis respected on your vacation. I spent 6 wonderful nights in Cozumel, Miramar 403 it was perfect and Matias the property manager was a total gentlemen. My wife said to me why do you always want to go to Cozumel and Isla Mujeres, I said I don't like big touristy places and I want to enjoy the locals, Jarerdo is the exception. If you want a great B&B try Baldwins guesthouse in Cozumel it's in a residential area, the property is gorgeous, the owners are fantastic and the breakfasts are to die for. Room Tip: If you're going to stay here I think you're nuts but if you do, there's only 3 rooms jus... See more room tips'