'In short, filthy, very loud and unhelpful. We arrived at the hostel after 7pm with a booking for an ensuite private double room. After being led to the back door of a bar, where you'd expect the toilets, we were led to a dorm room. The room wasn't clean yet, despite them knowing of our reservation. We came back half an hour later for it to be 'cleaned' - and the sheets had been changed - but that's as far as it went. The bathroom was disgusting, I don't think it had been cleaned for weeks (I had to clean the toilet myself before using it), neither had the floor in the dorm. Everything except for our sheets was dirty. When we asked for toilet paper (there was none in the bathroom), the guy had to go out to the shop and buy some, which wasn't the only thing to make me doubt the thoroughness of the cleaning service. We were only staying for one night, so thought we could just get over it, and didn't need anything more than a good night's sleep. This, however, was made impossible. The bar behind which our room was, had the TV on full volume for most of the night, as well as playing music all night simultaneously, despite not having any customers there to listen to either of them. The door to our dorm was not a solid door, but slatted wood, which allowed no blockage of noise, or no privacy for that matter (you could actually see through it). On top of that, the other door in the dorm, leading outside of the property, was also made from the same slatted wood, allowing for ridiculous amounts of noise to get in. Two blocks down was a rooftop bar, playing horrific 90's heavy bass dance music throughout the entire night - still playing at 7am when we left. We could feel every bassline of every song. Don't expect to sleep here. Moreover, my boyfriend realised once we'd left Cancun that he'd lost his passport, and it took several phone calls and persuasion for them to look for it. I know they're not obligated to look for it, but even here they failed to meet what I would expect to be basic service standards. It somehow manages to be cheap, and still be a rip-off. On the plus side, the staff weren't unfriendly and it's useful for the bus station. Still, there are plenty of alternatives nearby.'