'the heding says it all.....brits were just a bunch of moaners well some of us. HOTEL set in big grounds made up of hotel villas apartments beatiful grounds and loads of swimming pools snack areas that you are free to use if your staying 3* or 4* as the grounds are big there is a mini train that runs all day up and down to the different parts of the hotel but the grounds are ver pretty peacocks wondering around bizzare but not a site to be missed so walk around take it all in. ALL INCLUSIVE food was good not te best but nt beig a fusy eater helped us the food was made up of breakfasts=bacon shavings as we call them sausages like u get at ikea but oven cooked eggs of every kind cooked evey way an egg can be. bread beans cereal fruit the list goes on but a big choice. dinner/evening meal fis meat dressed salad IE mixed with sauce meat etc.. plain sald pasta chips all drinks on tap from pop-wine. snacks around pool areas = burgers hot dogs chips salad. THINGS TO DO. evening entertainment best i have seen being a pro dancer myself was very impresed the animaction team is divided into day time entertainment team evening performers so you get the bes man for the job so dont miss them the michael jackson show was amazing.... kids club..... my daughter is 6 and was very welcomed as most children are french or german not a poblem to us at all. the club has its own area with a great pool snack bar park so we could be meters away whilst she played.she only went three times during our stay they were taking the kids to the light house to feed the chipmunks they are so taim its fab BUT......we went ourselfs anotherday i wasnt up for her being taken over the busy road outside the hotel and of the grounds basicly.but on the other days she went (just forthe morning session) she drew pictures made a windmill also joined a pirate day wih involved making pirate hats going on the mini train to the hotel reception where there is a PHOTO SHOP ( another hotel bonus) the kids had real parrots on there shoulders in front of a pirate back drop had photos taken that u can buy ( framed from 5 euros) icecream really good. SHOWS.. kids and adults get a chance to be onstage in one of the evening shows but you do have to listen up fori happening the info is given out and spoken in appox 5 lannguages so somtimes we missed what was sadi but the STAFF are very friendly so just ask... go explore the beaches are amazing and if you want a proper pint men u wanna watch sport go look for the english pub turn right outside hotel keep walking the pub is above a little slot machine area look up you will see it!!! ZOO and yes theres a zoo BIZZARE is the only way to discribe it free to customers in the hotel from 3pm but to watch the shows hold a snake and sit on an aligater YES an aligater best to pay 7 euros fo adults 3 for kids and go when it opens around 10 am AND FINALLY..... weathers hot beaches beatiful (the nudeists keep themself to themselfs) all in all 10/10 ging back end of may e mail if you want any moreinfo SABRINA'