'We have just returned from our second visit to Desire and again we had a fantastic time. The food and service once more was awesome in all the restaurants, in fact that was the case all over the resort. We were given a garden view room this time which we expected but it was very small and as we had requested a king size bed we asked if we could move. No rooms were available right away but after 2 days a member of the front office even tracked us down at the pool and told us they had a bigger room (and bed) and would move everything for us. They did this in under one hour and we did not have to do anything. This time we did decide to reserve a bed on the beach for the week, cost $100 but it was worth it, as Cheri did not have to get up each morning at 7:00 am and go locate one. We enjoy the beach much more than the pool as you can relax but at lunch time it's fun to go eat and watch all the activities at the pool. For us that's not an all day thing. Activities meaning games, competitions, shows and music. The other activies happen up on the roof in the big hot tub and surrounding beds around 4:00 pm and late at night. The evening theme nights are fun, which start outside in the lobby courtyard and continue up at the disco. We are not keen on the competitions between the guests as we feel sorry for the losers LOL but most nightly activities are classy and enjoyable to watch and/or listen to. We enjoy the evenings and get in to the theme each night mainly do to us going to Fantasy Fest every year, yet the costumes here are little more risque. We like the whole idea of being able to go nude and soak up the sun and then have to dress for dinner, men in long pants and ladies in wonderful dressses in the two special restaurants which brings a lot of class to the place. Actually in one restaurant you could imagine you are eating in any four or five star restaurant, the service is so good and the menu is wonderful. The only issue we had was that they could not get the hot tub to the correct temperature for a few days, one day is was very hot and then for two days it was very cool but they eventually sorted it out. We have seen reports on the condition of the hot tub but all we can say it was always clean, especially with that amount of people in it per day and they do clean it daily as it is closed till the afternoon. On that note we found the whole resort to be spotless and our room(s) was cleaned everyday. Yes, this is a clothing optional resort, less clothes than more but that's expected. The sexual activity is limited to only two public places, the roof top hot tub area and the playroom off the disco, so if you are not in to that you would never know what happens, they are both out of the way. As you can see we have had two wonderful vactions and already have booked in for our third visit this coming September. Tony & Cheri'