'My girlfriend and I stayed here on a very last minute get away. Michelle & Peter were able to accommodate us with less than 24 hours notice! They were on site to meet us and give us great info on getting around and saving money. She had maps and guides for us with all the best hot spots circled. We mentioned snorkeling and Peter told us about a great place very close by. The next day, there was another map slipped under the door with a snorkeling spot circled on it. It was only a 20 minute walk down the beach to a great reef! We happened to be there during a time when sea turtles came right up to the condo and lay their eggs! What a great experience! We never would have known to even look for them if Michelle had not told us. The condo is in a great location, has a clean, modern pool with a DJ, and is located in the center of the beach. We had some wind one of the days we were there, so the waves were great for boogie boarding. That day, my GF and I made our way down to the snorkeling area, there is a cove down there that stops the waves and stays calm even in the windy weather. The best of both worlds (surf and calm) within a 20 minute walk on the beach! Getting around is a breeze ...and cheap! For 8.5 pesos (about 75 Cents?U.S.) there are buses that come around just about every minute and they will take you all around the city. In some cases we weren't even at a bus stop and they still picked us up! I never had to wait more than 2 minutes for a bus. They will except U.S. $ too. (I gave them a dollar and they were happy to take it.) The condo itself is really very nice. You can tell Michelle and Peter have made themselves a HOME here, not just a rental space. The beds are clean, the kitchen is stocked, and the bathroom is immaculate....but more than that, the room is fixed up with pictures and nic-nacs that really give you the feeling of "coming -home" when you get in off the beach. It's a leap above the comfort of a standard cookie-cutter hotel room. Its much more personal, and feels more relaxing. Michelle shows obvious signs of having worked in customer service. Shes a great host and a wealth of information. She was even so kind as to ask us if we needed anything from the store one day when she was on her way out! Who does that!? We went in expecting just a room rental, but came out with new friends and a great place we know we can go back to in the future. I highly recommend you stay in one of their condos.'