'My wife and I have tossed around the idea of attending this resort for several years now and always pushed it aside to do something else. Well, the wait was worth it and we've been home for about six weeks now and talk daily about our next trip. Prior to going, we read other reviews and got some valuable tips from other tourists. For starters, the round-trip exclusive shuttle for $92.00 US was worth every cent as hundreds of people flocked through the airport exits and gawked confusingly at the line of buses. Walking out, the first thing we saw was a driver holding up a sign with my name on it. Quickly, they grabbed our luggage while we grabbed a beer and we were driving through the secured gate entrance of Desire in twenty minutes. Upon arrival, there wasn't anyone ahead of us to check in, which was another luxury. The kind staff educated us on the grounds and offered recommendations and gave us a synopsis of the weekly events. The room we requested was available at 11am which was a bonus considering check-in isn't until 3pm. Our oceanview was spectacular and, after unpacking, we were at the pool, sans clothing, with a drink in our hands by 1230pm. One thing we found immediately compared to regular resorts was the effortless friendliness of people. Now, I know what you're thinking but what we've found in the past is that a simple 'hello' can be a big effort for some people. After greeting some people at other resorts, we would question if we even existed after unfriendly or snobbish ignorance in return. It was a welcomed change to see everyone, staff included, exchange simple pleasantries throughout the week. Not a couple to 'test the waters' my wife and I jumped in with both feet and made frirends within a couple of hours and by mid-afternoon were in the company of a lot of nice people. Sylvia, our pool waitress was notorious for remembering your drink and worked her butt off to get one to you as quick as she could. Anyone who had to wait for her wasn't due to a lack of effort on her part. It's a large area for one person to service and she could use some help. Regardless, a simple walk out of the pool's shallow end brings you twenty feet from the restaurant bar. We never had to worry about an empty glass. We found many of the couples were repeat visitors, some as many as ten to twelve times, attending a few times a year. They were able to fill in the gaps of the 'goings on' that the resort staff chose to leave out. By 5pm we headed upstairs to the hot tub area where several people already inhabited. Although somewhat liquored by this point, we were able to take note of the different classifications of people. While many in the tub took their pleasureable experience to the highest level, some chose to lay in the chaise lounges and take advantage of that entertainment, either feeding off of it or just simply pleasurable viewing. The setup was mapped out very well with a decent sized bar, clean washrooms and king-sized beds off to the side for a dryer experience. Overall, we noticed the area clean and sanitized. One doesn't have to worry about this or any other area of the resort from a sanitary standpoint. Trust us, we are quite insistent upon cleanliness. A 630am flight combined with, sun, alcohol and lack of sleep, found us turnig in around 730pm, after we had a delicious surf and turf dinner for room service. We found ourselves residing by the pool each day as it was more exciting and we didn't want to relax to the level of those enjoying the beach beds, although they looked pretty damn comfortable. After an incredible Tenderloin Rochefort dinner at the Italian restaurant (aka The White Room), we ventured into the center court where wonderful entertainment was provided each night prior to being admitted to the disco. We found the disco to be nicely organized, bathrooms were first class and the discrete location of the 'play room' kept the interactive enjoyment away from those who cared not to view it. There was talk of rooms being small and we did see a small room or two in our travels. We were quite fortunate with our room. It was the perfect size for accomodations that we didn't plan on using a great deal. The resort is quite quaint in size and, for the most part, the room sizes reflect that. We loved the fact that we could go from our room to the pool in less than a minute and both were on opposite sides of the resort. The theme nights were interesting. The 'Eyes Wide Shut' experience was different and probably an acquired taste for those that chose to participate, but it proved somewhat entertaining for onlookers like ourselves. The disco had 'cabana-like' sections that could be reserved where a partially stocked bar of premium spirits would be on hand. Rather than detail each day's happenings, as we did basically the same thing every day by choice, we can sum things up by saying that each day was eventful and entertaining and the pool staff of Vanessa, Diana and Hector provided the tourists with energetic, humourous events of which to participate. It takes a certain type of person to be an employee at a resort such as this, and all the staff were comfortable with everything presented their way and conducted themselves with the utmost professionalism. We've read reviews about complaints of food. Honestly, we didn't have a single meal that we could grade as low as average and we are picky about quality. We grade our experience high above average. If it's hit and miss, we consider ourselves lucky. If it's this quality all the time, some people just can't be pleased no matter how hard the staff tries. If there was one minor complaint, it would be that the bed didn't allow for the best of sleeps each night. We hope to return this December for another week in, what we now call, paradise. As far as tropical vacations are concerned, we need not travel to any other destination and look forward to repeat visits and seeing some of the wonderful friends we met this first time around.'