'You know that feeling you have when you book a vacation at a new destination or a new hotel? You aren't quite sure what you are going to get -- what will be beach be like, will we really get an ocean view room, will it be comfortable? We avoid that each year by renting from Michelle & Peter Hermick, owners/managers of several rooms at the Solymar. We could not be happier with our choice. Our top-floor room provided a spectacular view of the ocean from the balcony and the patio at the back an amazing view of the lagoon, perfect for sunsets. Our room was furnished with beautiful locally-made hand-carved furniture, a modern kitchenette complete with full fridge, four-burner stovetop and microwave. Everything I needed to make meals was provided. The beds were comfortable, the shower was roomy and never short of hot water, air conditioning worked (not that you need it, an ocean breeze cools you off enough) and the TV included news, sports and movie channels as well as local TV stations to attempt to pick up a few new Spanish phrases. Michelle & Peter are on-site, 24/7, always available to provide advice and suggestions. They will even come check things out with you while you are relaxing at the pool or on the beach. They treat you like royality -- not like many all-inclusive resorts where you have to wear a silly wristband. Because it is so laid back, you are able to take your own snacks and beverages to the pool/beach, no need to wait for a waiter to bring you a waterered-down cervaza here! And the best part -- the beach and ocean at the Solymar! It goes for miles either way, perfect for long walks or a quick dip. There are jetski rentals and parasailing near by if you have the nerve! The sand is very fine and easy to walk on, and every so often you will find an amazing seashell to sneak home as a souvenir. Don't believe everything you read about the Solymar. If you book with Michelle & Peter you will experience the best the Solymar has to offer. They will make sure of it!'