'Just returned from Desire Resort and wow what a trip. We are not lifestylers, and had never been to a resort of this type. We wanted to try something different. I will start from the very beginning. Travel... Cancun airport is clean and easily navigated. The wait in customs is long, so take turns and hit the conviently located restrooms while your partner holds your place in line. Do yourself a favor and don't check any luggage. You're not going to need much clothing anyway. Leaving customs to the exit there are many easily identifable airport personnel in blue shirts, tan pants and name tags. They will tell you where to go to meet your driver/transfer service. Talk to them. Out the exit and in amongst many other drivers was our driver holding a sign from our travel agency. If your driver is not there go back inside and seak assistance from the airport personnel, not the other drivers. It was about 15 min. to the resort, through one securtiy gate and then through the Desire security gate. We felt very safe. Getting acclimated.... Use early check in on the net, makes check in a breeze. We were given a very informative overview of the resort with a brief mention of a repeat visitors program. The minute we said we were not interested the subject was dropped and not mentioned again. We had a quick tour of the grounds with a staff member and were shown to our room. The room... VERY clean & comfortable with excellent airconditioning. Bed was comfortable and clean. Sheets, towels, robes & slippers were fresh, soft and clean. Mini-fridge is stocked with bottled water, soft drinks and beer - restocked daily. There is a blow dryer, toiletries, an ironing board and iron, a reasonable amount of hangers and storage space. The safe was used daily to store phones, wallets, passports, etc. It worked easily and quickly every time. The bathroom was clean, the shower was small but fine for one person at a time. The water does have a slight odor but nothing offensive. Food and Drink.... Breakfast buffett was very good. The lunch at the pool and evening buffet were good but not spectacular. Tuesday night Mexican buffett was very good. We did not visit the italian or the sushi restaurants so cannot review them. The drinks were very good and very plentiful. Drinking water poured from a pitcher or dispensed at the bar is bottled water and perfectly safe to drink. Service and Tipping.... The service was beyond compare. If your drink was empty it was refilled. The pool, beach, bar and restaurant staff will know your name and your drink by the end of your first day. The room was cleaned and the bed freshened daily. This is a professional staff that would do there job to the best of their ability whether you tipped them or not. We appreciate good service and did tip, but never felt it was the least bit necessary. Impressions..... Not being in the lifestyle it was a bit overwhelming at first. A large group was there and we did feel left out for awhile. After a day or two we were much more relaxed and met many very nice people. We never felt pressure to do anything, including being naked. No one cared weather you had a suit on or not. The hot tub area was not for me but that is a personal preference. The beach beds and the pool area were wonderful. If you want to get away from it all and be ultra lazy, hit the beach. If you want to see lots of people, listen to great music and be social, hit the pool. We spent a full day at both. Tips and Hints.... Don't bring too many shoes or clothes. You won't need much. A nice swimsuit, sarong, flip flops and light cover up are all you will need during the day. It is courteous to at least have a cover up on when visiting the eating areas. Bring two bottle of sunscreen and a small bottle of bug spray. We had no problem with bugs at all. Not even one mosquito. Do not bring sunscreen with bug spray in it. We did. Yuk! It was greesy and smelled bad. Never again. For evening; ladies, dress sexy! You won't be alone or out of place. Gents dress nicely and light weight. It is hot and dancing makes you sweaty. First timers; relax, take it slow. Don't try to do everything at once. Remember you can always return. We will.'