'We are not into the lifestyle, as most reviews seem to be but love to flirt. This was our first stay, will be back next year. The grounds are excellent, very well laid out and clean. No bugs, and the only odor was what to expect from a beach resort in a remote location. Security was also great. We stayed in the Passion Suite and although it is way to expensive, we loved the ocean view, and the extra space. We only had 4 days so splurged, as we will again as we plan to return next year. We loved the pool, the staff is fantastic and although we did not participate in the games, basketball, volley ball we will participate more next time. Vanessa is the best as is Silvia at the pool. Food. Loved the breakfast buffet, to much, gained a few lbs. Lunch buffet was good but lacking in variety, pizza, burgers, sandwich, salads. Piacere was our favorite, formal and great variety. Suski was also good but I am not into seafood so had a limited choice. I loved the Dinner buffet but it is casual and my wife preferred the fancier other choices. The Disco was fantastic the first few nights but after that we got tired of the same music, also the calorically challenged women trying pole dances. Shows were very good but the 'eyes' show was terrible, like watching grass grow, cold, naked is not erotic, boring. All the stories about the clothing are true, you could not be more daring, its a unique chance to be wild and explore your nasty side. The only drawback was that its hard to meet people, don't know if they are shy about the lifestyle people hitting on them but seem to be clickey. We only hit the hot tub during the day but it is the center of activity at night and will visit next year, yes lots of overt sexual activity but it more mechanical than sexy, if you do not want to watch just don't. After all that we did go on a cat sail with a group and had a great time as a matter of fact they helped us meet other people that made the trip more fun. BUT overall the trip was not worth it, to rough and it wore us out, wasted most of the next day recovering. Overall its great and we will be back, as other have said stop reading and just go.'