'It's hard to know where to begin. Villa Lighea is an amazingly beautiful Villa perched over the Mediterranean near Positano, Italy. Positano and the entire Amalfi Coast are almost magical and this Villa has a front row seat to all that beauty. Everything about the Villa is "as advertised". The rooms are all beautiful with balconies looking over the sea. there are flowers everywhere and the pool and gardens are lovely, even this early in the year. The house itself is very well maintained and very well appointed. You are treated like family by staff and owners from the time you arrive. I would return to Villa Lighea without hesitation and really do hope to see all the wonderful people associated with the Villa again. Roberto, the owner, greeted us on arrival and also came by to say goodbye to us at the end of the week. He was truely interested in seeing that we had a wonderful stay. The Villa provides you with a 24/7 concierge while you are there. Her name is Christine and she is really lovely and was like our best friend. She really means it when she says you can call her anytime and provided us with help for everything from ordering Pizza to eat in, to dinner reservations, trip reservations, general information, ordering and delivering groceries, etc. She also does a great tour of Positano which is worth doing while you are there. We loved Francesco, the private taxi driver the Villa utilizes. He treated us (10 ladies) with consideration and kindness. We utilized his services a lot and he did a fabulous job. When one of our ladies had to go to the hospital in Amalfi on our last evening, Francesco came and got us in the middle of the morning! Manuela was wonderful to correspond with before we arrived and I felt comfortable that everything was organized including our transportation from the Airport. We didn't get to meet Manuela while we were there, but she still sent me an e-mail to make sure we had everything we needed! The owners, Christine, and Francesco made our stay in Positano wonderful and uncomplicated! Also, I should mention that the maid Oxana was very good at her job and very sweet. She doesn't speak any English, but whenever we made our wishes known to her, she was quick to take care of it. She keeps the Villa very clean and we always looked forward to her early morning visit with Croissants and coffee. The one thing I would warn you about is that this location can be physically challenging. Even if you think you are prepared for the amount of walking and step climbing, I think you will be surprised. I enjoyed the challenge but have to say that the steps to the beach from the Villa are really tough. Had to rest several times on the way back up. And the walk into Positano, is at least 20 minutes unless you are power walking. Also, the walk back from town is more up hill than down. So again, as long as steps don't bother you, then you will LOVE this Villa and the Amalfi Coast. And we as a group are all dog lovers and we encouraged the owners dog, Boomer, to visit us one day. This may have gotten him in to trouble, but we loved having a dog to fuss over, and he's a sweet little guy! If you don't like dogs, don't worry, they don't really allow him to hang out at the Villa! If you go, definitely have the pizza at the Taverna Leone or have it delivered. It's fantastic. Also, you should not miss the trip to Capri, and hiking on the Sentiero Degli Dei (Path of the Gods). Our guide (arranged by Christine) was Paolo Barba and he was great. He is such a naturalist and pointed out all the different herbs growing on the mountain, including fennel, oregano, thyme, wild garlic, wild asparagus, wild arugula, etc. It was amazing. Also, we saw a herd of goats being brought down the mountain by real goatherders, it was like something out of a movie. The views on this hike are spectacular and it's moderately challenging. Of course, it wasn't hot when we were there, so that makes it a very pleasant hike. Thanks again to Roberto, Christine, Francesco, and Paolo for making our trip unforgettable.'