'We searched for a long time for a reasonable hotel in Cancun. I found Michelle and Peter's Solymar Condos on Vacation Rental by Owner. I contacted several people on VRBO.com, but no one was more responsive or more helpful than Michelle. She was patient, informative, and forthright. After emailing with her and reading reviews we decided to take a chance. Our room was wonderful. What a view on the ocean side! The room was clean and beautiful. Michelle and Peter made it very clear that if we had ANY problems, to let them know. We got the feeling that they really cared about us and wanted to make our stay as comfortable as possible. They live in Cancun so they gave us great advice on where to eat, where to visit, and things to do. One day Peter actually went with us to restaurant and showed us around Cancun city. It was wonderful to be with him. He's a great guy! We asked Michelle for recommendations for a restaurant on Valentine's Day. Not only did she have an excellent recommendation, she called and made reservations for us. Her friend who owned the restaurant even gave us special service because we were friends Michelle and Peter. Oh, we even were invited to go on a yacht ride with several others at the Solymar Condos. We all chipped in and took a yacht to the Isle. It was the highlight of our time... talking, drinking, laughing, and enjoying our new friends. We LOVED the beach at Solymar Condos. The Condos are in a quieter place in the Hotel Zone. We had no problems with noise... we only heard the sound of ocean waves outside our window! I think what really touched my wife and me was the fact that Michelle and Peter treated us like friends... and now we feel we are friends. They respect your privacy if you want that, but we enjoy getting to know people. We actually made other friends with people who were staying there and have been friends with the Hermicks. I could see why they come back to the Solymar year after year. We can't want to see Michelle and Peter again. If you are just looking for a room and don't care about who runs it, the Solymar Condos are very nice. But if you are interested in experiencing a truly awesome vacation with people who really care about your well-being while you are there, this is the place to go. I could say more, but hopefully you get the picture. Solymar Condos is great and Michelle and Peter make it WONDERFUL!'