'Villa Lighea was the perfect place to host our small dream wedding. I was nervous and thought that it might be too good to be true but it was not. Francesco picked us up at the Naples airport as promised and stopped by the grocery on the way to the villa. We used him for our own tours as well when I did not want to drive myself. The views are spectacular and Christine the concierge was fantastic. I had planned as much as you could from afar and she help finish off the planning to make the whole experience unforgettable. Here is what Christine help us plan: her walking tour, Discover Positano, which is no joke the best rated activity in Positano, arrange for a chef to meet with us to plan our rehearsal dinner and wedding dinner at the villa, a Lucibello boat tour to Capri with 16 people , reservations at Da Vincenzo's and Bucco du Bacco, helped us with recommendations for flowers, hair, makeup, groceries....and a fantastic cooking school at Don Alfonso. It is a family affair with the villa. Manuela, who lives above the villa, is balancing being a mother with young children, her husband runs the excellent restaurant Don Alfonso, and their father, who lives below, has a pharmacy in town, oh and if you are missing your dog or cat theirs can be called to pet if the gate is open. In addition the family owns a spa on the way to Salerno which you can book. All that to say that they are near but not imposing and great resources for your stay. The location is not in town but in Arianzo which is the first bus stop out of Positano. I liked the location since you look back on Positano for a fantastic view. We preferred the scary 15 minute walk into town better than the bus or the 20 Euro taxi ride. The villa entrance is on the way down to the Arianzo beach and across the street from the bus stop and steps up to the walk of the gods path. I rented a car used the garage. The furnishings are very nice and comfortable and we had no problem with 10 people staying there. We combined the outside table with the inside table to have enough seating for our wedding with 16 people. Our rehersal dinner meal and wedding meal were 2 hour affairs with some of the best and least expensive food we had in our stay in Italy. The villa has nice touches like a book with suggestions of itineraries and prices for cars and catering. Their mini bar and wine selection is good and we used it for our reception. They have some samples of products from the pharmacy to use or purchase.'