'We have just returned from a week's stay and having never written a review before, feel compelled to do so! We have a little boy (just 4) and could not have wished (or expected) such a warm and welcoming family hotel. The kid's club was wonderful (staffed by Heather - the owners' daughter-in-law and Andrea). I had not skied before and was prepared to forego time on the slopes to entertain our little one, but on the 2nd day he announced "I love Heather" and any parent could not have wanted more reassurance than that to leave their child in someone else's care. It made it very easy for us to be able to spend more time as a couple. The best of all worlds! The hotel offers clean and comfortable rooms and amazing cuisine (with option for children to eat earlier). With a sister hotel close to the beginner slopes and lifts - we were given a ski locker there - so no trawling back and forwards in heavy ski boots and lugging kit about! And whilst the walk to and from the hotel is a pleasant one and allows you to soak in the lovely atmosphere of Saas Fee, the hotel also offers a scheduled "Elektro" bus for those who want to preserve their energy for the slopes! No motor cars - another plus - just little electric vehicles! The hotel very kindly also collected our little boy after his Ski Kindergarten at just after 11am so we could happily wave him off back to the Play Club and we could ski. The first day Heather came in the Elektro to collect him, but I was concerned that he may not want to go alone in the coming days - what was I worried about? The Hotel's driver - Andre - was so good with kids there was absolutely no problem and our boy happily waved goodbye as he was "chauffeured" back to the Play Club. The hotel is set back from the main skiing area, but that should not trouble anyone (elektro as mentioned above) and has amazing views from the main terrace. It also means that it offers quiet accommodation with the only external noise being the birdsong - no rowdy bars/roads etc. The food is far beyond what one would expect from a small family-run hotel. A lot of thought is clearly put into the menus for the evening meals and the choice offered at breakfast is lovely. All the staff were friendly and welcoming and the owners are very hands-on so you just feel like you belong right from the outset. My husband has been on countless ski holidays and says he has no reservation in praising the hotel ( as I do here) and also the skiing/set up in Saas Fee. There is little surprise then in closing by saying that we will be returning for another stay next year.'