'We stayed here from July 2-9, 2011 with 2 children (11, 8). Check-in was quick, however it took a while for our bags to arrive to our room. I had emailed the resort over a month in advance to request 2 double beds, however we were given a room with 1 King bed and a very small cot that the kids had to share. This was a bit disappointing but we got a great deal on this resort, so we tried not to sweat the small stuff. We knew we would have a very basic room. The room is dated, but was kept very clean. We had an issue with our luggage once it finally arrived, and spoke to a manager who said he would follow-up with us the next day but we never saw or heard from him again. Not a big deal as we didn't have any other major issues the rest of the trip. If we ever needed extra towels or anything, we would simply call the Concierge and they would be to our room within 5 minutes or so. One day we arrived from the beach around 4:30 and our room hadn't been cleaned yet so we called and it was cleaned right away. There were a couple of times where we had no hot water so I called and the problem (whatever it was) was fixed and we had hot water the rest of the time. The pool is small and full of mostly children. We didn't spend much time there but the kids did and they enjoyed it. When we walked by the pool, there were often activities going on such as volleyball or some sort of entertainment. The beach was nice and not crowded while we were there. No matter what time we went we were able to find chairs (not always under an umbrella though). There was a lot of seaweed in the water but otherwise the water was very nice and there were areas without seaweed. Service was friendly and relatively fast. Most of the staff expected a tip and seemed disappointed if they didn't receive one. They were definitely faster if you tipped. The drinks were great and the alcohol was premium. We really enjoyed the food. I am a picky eater but always found a lot of good options and my husband loved just about everything. They did different themes at the buffet such as Italian, Oriental, etc so there was a good variety and then there were the other restaurants too. If you ask, the Concierge will give you a ticket for 15 minutes of free Internet use per day which you can use in the Business Centre near the front desk. The grounds are well manicured and there is always security or staff around should you have any questions. I tried to make an appointment at the Spa, however it was booked solid the last couple of days we were there however other people said it was very nice and relaxing. It is fairly pricey. If you listen to the hotel's timeshare presentation, they give you $100 credit which can be used at the Spa. We avoided the presentation as we were not interested.'