'ill start by explaining that ive stayed in amsterdam several times , in various hotels , and got sick of paying a lot of money for filthy scummy rooms . gaasper is a cheap alternative to all those rip off hotels. i went in august 2007 (im 31) with my girlfriend (37) friend (25) and parents (50`s) , we didnt book , as we were staying in tents and gaasper doesnt allow pre booking for tents , now i have stayed on a lot of fields and festivals in the past , so to me just grass is luxury - u are met at the gate by a benson and hedges smoking side show bob looking guy on a cycle who will take u slowly to the campground and show u where to put up your tent . now whoever is responcible for the bill of the tent u stay in , will have to either leave their Camping card CIC , driving liscence , or passport - i paid in advance and against my inner feelings , i left my passport , but it was returned to me on exit . the site was nice , but this is cheap and its amsterdam , expect many people on the campsite and expect people smoking , its amsterdam , the toilets were ok, showers ok (my friend got a veruca) water is close . shower tokens are expensive !! and there is a CCTV camera in the ladies shower room - not good there is a shop on the campsite which i thought was great , yes it is expensive but its a luxury and the nearest one for miles. the campsite is a 5-7 min walk from the train station , However it is Situated in a Rough area - in the 3 days i was there i saw Several gang members - and while stopping at a Fries Van on route from station to campsite (was good value and great fries) i was informed by the business owner that if i was to leave the road from station to campsite after 8pm and walk into the local area`s i would be very unsafe .... this is not something that was put on their site . have your tent packed up half an hour b4 u are due to leave , my friend left 30 mins late and was charged an extra days camping - he went nuts - didnt help . so to summise - if your confident , streetwise and in a Group - you should be fine , security on the site seems good . its cheap at like 6 euros a night (per person) too . in total honesty i would and may stay there again . Richard - 31 - midlands uk'