'My stay at Art Deco Suites (now apparently called Cancun Office Suites), was a mixed bag. While my initial term was fairly free of issues (September, October and November of 2010), it was only during my second term (December, January and February of 2011) that several issues began to surface. While the location is ideal, and my particular room was clean and sufficient for the length of my stay, there are several downsides which detracted from my overall stay at Art Deco Suites, eventually culminating in the manager offering to let me out of my contract at the end of January rather than the end of February due to the fact he knew I was upset about many of the goings-ons. First and foremost, the supposed free high speed Internet rarely works. For my entire 6 month stay I actually used the Ramada Inn connection next door, which utilizes one of the best telecommunications companies in the country, and it was never down. I continually requested that the management address the situation, and I was repeatedly told, "This is a developing country; I can't guarantee that the service will be up", despite the fact that the website for the units advertised as such. On one occasion, after I suggested that a discounted rate for the rental would be appropriate given the fact that one of the so-called included services (the Internet) was not included and I was tired of paying for something that didn't exist, the management actually likened his rentals to a car rental agency, claiming that if you rented a car and it didn't have a stereo system the rental agency wouldn't give you your money back, which is absolutely false. Our discussion went on through several emails until he finally said he would have a different ISP installed. Then, in January of 2011, after the supposedly "dedicated" service was installed, using the same telecommunication service as Ramada Inn, I was told that the supposedly new service was not, in fact, free and included. Instead, a 20 dollar (250 peso) surcharge is required, and the service is *not* dedicated. Instead, it is shared among however many people are willing to pay for the service, a fact which the management neglects to inform people of; it was only through conversations with the other tenants that I discovered that this supposedly-dedicated connection was in fact being shared with anyone willing to pay for the "dedicated" connection. I personally did not feel like paying for a service that was supposed to be included free in the first place, plus I was using the Ramada Inn connection without any issues, so I did not opt to pay the extra and simply continued to use the supposedly-third-world connection that the manager could not guarantee, yet Ramada Inn could. Secondly, while the noise and the aforementioned parties other reviews mention were not an issue for me, they do in fact exist. If you are an individual who cherishes peace and quiet, Art Deco Suites is more than likely not a place you will find appealing. If, however, you don't mind the occasional get-together with your neighbors and friends, it's a fine spot to choose if you are going to be spending any time in Cancun. While not frequent, many of us did get together for dinner parties where we would invite everyone at the community to join in for a BBQ, and there would be a few bottles of wine and some tequila going around, but nothing that I would term obnoxious. There were a few times in the 6 months (three or four as I recall) when the drinking and conversation would go on until the early hours of the morning, and while technically there is a "no noise" policy in effect from 8 p.m. until 8 a.m., it is not enforced. Again, if you are someone who wants 100