'The best thing about the Hotel Malcesine is its location, it could not be better placed. That for us though, was its only good point. We did not have such a good start when we had to drag our suitcases and other luggage from the bus station down to the hotel, which must have been about half a kilometre. To be fair though, that was more to do with the Inhgam's rep than the hotel. At reception, we declined to pay an extra 70 euros (for a week) for a lake view, and thus, seemed to be allocated the hotel's pokiest room, 222. It was small, dark and airless - very hot too, with no air conditioning or fan. The shower room was so small, the door would only open half way. When sitting on the toilet, your head was right over the sink - very unpleasant. Towels? Horrible - thinner than t-towels. Their are two sittings for the evening meal, six thirty and eight o'clock. The salad buffet was okay, except that if you go to the second sitting the food has been sat there for an hour and a half in an extremely hot dining room (again no aircon) and I never saw them bringing out any more, even when the trays were nearly empty. There were two courses plus a sweet (after the salad) and I can honestly say we probably only enjoyed two of the courses during the whole week. (and we are far from fussy eaters) I cannot understand how people commenting on here can say the food is good, as nearly everyone we saw left lots on their plates! The very first meal we had was unbelievable, a large boiled potato (only half cooked) plus one big dry meatball. I think I have said enough about the food. Malcesine itself is gorgeous, definitely the best resort on the lake. The walks along the lakeside are lovely, the lake and the scenery just beautiful. You can walk a good distance each way, and if you get tired you can use the great tourist bus which travels the length of Malcesine - you pay 1 euro and get off where you please. We bought a day ticket for the north end of the lake, 16 euros each, visiting Limone, Riva and Torbole. It was great just sitting on the boat enjoying the sunshine. Riva is a lovely place, more spacious than the other towns. The market was on there the day we went (Wed) - it was large and interesting. On Friday we went on the Dolomites/Bolzano trip, expensive I thought, at 48 euros each. (oh and plus you will pay 1 euro to use the toilet !!!!!!) On the saturday night (second saturday in the month) in Malcesine they have something called Shopping under the Stars (or shopping by candlelight?) - they turn off all the streetlights, light candles, and keep the shops open until midnight! Very nice. We went to a concert up at the castle, Malcesine's three tenors, which made for a very nice evening. There are loads of restaurants, cafes and bars - but they are expensive. Probably the same most places in Europe though. The oldest part of the town is great, lots of little winding cobbled streets to explore. You can't get lost as all roads lead to the harbour. To sum up, I would definitely recommend Malcesine - but I would give the Hotel Malcesine a miss.'