'just got back from a weeks holiday at these apartments. Was really pleased with them. The pool is really nice - big and great for kids. Lots of sunbeds all around the pool always managed to find somewhere. The poolside ice cream/drinks bit was really nice to have and there was music too (just quiet in the background not overpowering.) The bar/restaurant was nice - nice outdoor bit for sitting out in the evening and indoor bit for eating in the evening. We found the food to be good - not amazing but good. we had stuff like egg and chips and pizza - salad etc and it was nice. during happy hour in the evening which was 9-10 you get two drinks (two of the same) which is good. The downstairs games room was enjoyed by the kids - it did have a stuffy atmosphere though cos it was underground. The apartment itself was quite spacious (we had a 2 bedroom one) and the sofa beds were ones that you can just take of the back cushions and sleep on there - or what we did for our third child (only two beds in second room) was take the matress off the sofa bed and put it on the floor of the bedroom. The cleaners came twice while we were there (week) and changed towells supplied more toilet roll etc. The air conditioning worked well but you have to shut all the windows and doors. I did ask for a pool view when I booked but did not actually get that - well we had a view of the adult only undercover pool and the garden area but I was actually pleased and think that was better as it was quieter. It was not as far away from the shops etc as I thought it was going to be by reading other reviews - and the hill is really not very steep - but to be honest we had a car there so did not really walk it but saw others doing it. The evening entertainments was not brilliant - was bingo, karaoke, music etc but it was not too bad - and there were two shows - a reptile show and a couple who did drums and knife throwing and stuff which was good, The complex was generally very clean and a pleasant environment and the staff were polite - although one guy on reception when we arrived was a bit grumpy but never mind. Also the mini market there is good with most things you would need. overall I was very pleased with the Terralta apartments and would like to go back.'