'We chose the Mayafair because it looked somewhat quirky and different and the price was reasonable. We had not visited Cancun before. We took a shuttle from the airport (where they stop at lots of different hotels along th way dropping people off) and the Mayafair was the last stop. It cost $32 USD, but we're not sure that was the best deal as when we left we were charged $300 MXN in a taxi which is less than $32 USD - we were literally accosted by people trying to get us into a taxi/shuttle at the airport. Upon arrival at the Mayafair, we were struck at how deserted the place was, and also that it appeared like a sort of converted shopping mall. There were non-functioning escalators at the entrance and inside. There was no air conditioning in the main lobby area and it felt stuffy and humid. There was one member of staff at what looked sort of like a small bar, and they checked us in. There was literally no one else around (unless you count the folks touting for tour business outside). The room was clean and the air conditioning worked well (thank goodness!), however it was a little odd, as if converted from a shop. It was one long room with an elevated shower and toilet (talk about being on 'the throne'!!) and a rather odd basin/bowl with a strange tap, which was nice looking but not overly practical as it threw water all over the place when on full. There wasn't really much privacy in the bathroom given it was one big room, with a small screen in front of the toilet. Not very convenient if you were travelling with a friend! There was free wi-fi, which was handy, but the strength of signal within the room was a little poor. There was a television in the room and what we think was a mini bar, but the key didn't work to open it and the handle fell off!! All the rooms were named after designers or fashion icons/ models etc. The shower didn't work all that well and the shower head was strangely hanging from a hole in the ceiling. The shower curtains were hopeless and water went all over the floor when using it. Oddly, they were tied back with toilet paper upon arrival!! The bed was comfortable and we slept fairly well. There wasn't too much noise from outside. The room was cleaned every day with fresh towels provided. There was no telephone in the room. Outside we were accosted daily by locals selling tours/mopeds/massages, which was a little annoying and we ended up using the same taxi driver twice, which was a huge mistake as he literally had no clue where anything was. On our last night he dropped us off in the wrong place and we had to ask and then walk another 15 minutes to find our restaurant, so do be careful when using taxis. We had addresses both times and he had no idea where the places were (and they were restaurants highly recommended on TripAdvisor within 5 miles!). The location is close to the main touristy area of the Hotel Zone, so not far to walk to the beach or to go to Hard Rock/Chilis, generally Americanised shopping mall and various nightclubs/restaurants. Not a very authentically Mexican area, but fun and seemed fairly safe. All in all, it was an ok place to stay, clean and comfortable but I'm not sure we'd return.'