'My family (2 adults 2 kids) came here with my parents and also my sisters family (2 adults 2 kids) We had apartments Garden, Primavera and Sole. All the apartments were as depicted on the website. We stayed in the Garden apartment as we wanted an extra bedroom to seperate the children. I have no complaints about the apartment as it was as I expected but will say that the kitchen is old and a bit squashy - the kitchens in the other 2 apartmetns were much more nicer and more functional and generally Garden apartment is less pretty then the others. We were more than happy to pop up the steps to the next level to enjoy the terrace and the beautiful view. When we arrived (the journey from Naples was not as terrifying as I expected) We were welcomed warmly and enjoyed drinks, snacks and the most delicious cake ( I would like the recipe please) The sun was shining and it was glorious. It was suggested that we might like to eat at a restaurant (da constantino) that evening - which we did - a mini bus picked up up and we had a fabulous view from our table right at the window. The service was friendly and the food very nice - traditional. We were joined at the table by a cat who shared everything with us from entree to dessert ( as animal lovers this was a bonus) The first few days at the villa the pool was a bit chilly for a wimpy Australian who likes 30 degrees but once in it was fine and it warmed up during our stay as the weather was hot. There are in deed a lot of steps in Positano but what better way to walk off lunch or dinner or build up an appetite. As I said it was hot during our stay but we all manged the steps ( from ages 5 - 75) with no problem and in my case I actually enjoyed arriving atthe top, hot sweaty and exhausted (strange but true) My 5 year old counted them everytime and never complained. Domenicos father, who is lovely met us as we arrived back at the villa one day and checked my fathers pulse before inviting him in to his rooms for a quick check up. announcing "no problems - drink plenty of water" ( he is a cardiologist) We met him a number of times during our stay - and he took us into his garden where he gathered fresh Rosemary, basil and Rocket for us. The supermarket and fruit and veg just outside the villa stock all you might want if planning to cook a simple meal and there are a few more shops in town as well. We ate at a number of restaurants - no complaints about any of them and high praise for a few - we had a fabulous evening with exceptional food and service at NEXT 2 - worth the walk - Amazing view and amazing setting, great food at LA TERRAZZA (both of these restaurants made simple tomato pasta for the younger kids) BUCA DI BACO was lovely - pasta with pesto exceptional. RISTORANTE MAX - was beautiful (expensive but worth it - not for kids) PUPETTO is also worth the walk for a relaxing meal overlooking the beach - nice food, good service, well priced. Villa Fiorentino was the best place to stay in Positano ( which is so much nicer than Amalfi) I did a lot of research and it was worth it - lovely, spacious accommodation, beautiful pool, lovely family (we did not see much of Dominico - probably scared him off with my mad emails) but bumped in to his mother and father a lot and they are delightful. Sea is lovely to swim in, steps are challenging but rewarding, view is AMAZING. We were given gifts when we left which was so thoughtful and unexpected. I would hope to return to this beautiful part of Italy again.'