'We stayed at the Great Parnassus in January for six nights. The previous two years we stayed at the Barcelo Maya Palace. We knew that this resort was about half price of what we paid before; so, we were no’t expecting anything fancy. We were pleasantly surprised how nice things were. First of all the main lobby is stunning with the waterfall behind the front desk. There are plenty of chairs and tables for people to just hang out, play games, and people watch. The nice thing about this hotel is that it is only about 15 minutes from the airport. We were checked into our room within an hour of our plane touching down. That includes the time it took to clear customs, get our luggage, and get transported to the hotel. The food at this hotel is nothing exceptional, but we never felt cheated or went hungry. The Magnus buffet was always a good place to eat. Everything was usually hot and fresh with plenty of variety to choose from. We enjoyed having Angel as our waiter on many occasions. He made sure my father had Bailey’s with his coffee every morning. We also ate at Manhatten (New York Deli), Porto Fino (Italian), and Big Ben (Steakhouse). We were happy with the food at these locations. One nice thing, but also a drawback about these restaurants is that reservations are not required. Every place opens at a set time, so there is usually a line waiting to get in. Sometimes, the service and food is slow and sometimes cold when everyone fills the restaurant right at opening time. That would be the only drawback of these places. We ordered room service a couple of times. This is free, which you don’t see at many all-inclusives. The standard rooms do not have refridgerators, but room service was very responsive if you want bottled water, soda, beer, or anything else brought up to your room. The Creperie always had coffee available, and many times served ice cream as well as other desserts. This was nice to have a little snack or evening dessert and sit at the tables outside. The beach at this location was very nice. There is plenty of room for all the longer chairs as well as volleyball and other recreational activities. The pool on the beach side was always busy, as the entertainment staff did an excellent job of keeping everyone involved with activities. They also have a poolside grill that serves up burgers, fries, and other food during the day. This was nice to have a quick bite to eat when you were at the pool or beach. We never had a problem with any of the bars at this location either. Our drinks were always very good. This location does not serve coke - only pepsi. They also have Dos Equis on tap, compared to Corona at other resorts. Evening entertainment was adequate. They had the standard Michael Jackson, Elvis, etc shows. Most of the time we were tired by the evening, but people said they enjoyed the shows. Downstairs from the front desk is the spa and a really nice gym. I was a little leary of staying at this hotel based on previous reviews. However, we didn’t encounter any problems. People wrote that towel service in the room was a problem. We experienced this a few times, but tipping the housekeeper solved the problem in a hurry. Keep in mind that the workers at these resorts are paid little compared to wages in the USA. You also have access to the sister hotel, the Golden Parnassus which is just north of the hotel. They run a shuttle there on the hour. This was a nice change for eating places for us. The Golden is an adult-only resort, so there weren’t any kids there. We had excellent meals at the seafood restaurant and also the Japanese place. We found out that many of the other guests of the Great Parnassus took advantage of this. Like any other resort, you have to put up with the timeshare people. We did not really bother us after we initially told them we didn’t want a tour of the hotel. The front desk staff and guest services were very acomodating to any needs we had throughout our stay. I don’t consider myself fluent in Spanish by any means. However, I have found that if you can speak their langauge they are more than willing to go out of their way for you. Brush up on some phrases and words before you leave and it is amazing how good of service you will get from anyone there.'