'We’ve just arrived back from a week’s stay at the Canifor Hotel. We did read the reviews on this site before booking but decided what the heck and proceeded with the booking. The main thing to bear in mind with this hotel is its core business is those aged over 60. Bear that in mind! The hotel is in one of the best locations – great for local bars, restaurants, shops and most importantly, the bus terminus. You can get a bus to most locations from just around the corner. Whilst we were there, the bus became full before it had even set off and refused to pick up any more passengers along the route (so those in the better, more expensive hotels were not impressed). The rooms – basic, ok, does the job. They were cleaned everyday plus we had clean towels. The bed was comfortable, but creaky. The walls are a bit thin so you do get a bit of noise from the neighbours, but nothing to worry about. A few guests seemed to struggle to close a door and thought they had to repeatedly slam them to lock (you need to use the key!) Food – bearing in mind the core business customer, then the food is simple & bland – very much like school dinners. Some days it was ok, but a few nights the food was really good. Breakfast (cooked) was ok, it was cooked on mass. If you want a breakfast cooked to order, there are plenty of bars / cafes around the corner. Staff – some reviewers have mentioned that the staff are ignorant. Sorry, but you get as good as you give. We witnessed a fair few of the elderly guests grunting at the staff. Multiply that by a fair few customers over the course of the week, you will soon see why the staff can be off. However, remember your manners, smile, say hello and they will treat you back with the same respect. It’s not difficult. My misses ended up with extra bacon by being nice! The pool – nothing special, a tad small, but I always find it bizarre that people want to sit around a pool all week. The sea is a short walk way and some cracking beaches are only a short bus ride away (the sea is not tidal in Malta so you can spend all day on the beach). Now the important bit – firstly, the hotel is classed as a 4 star, but it’s a 3 with an extra star because it’s Malta. They do odd things like that in Malta. Secondly the price. We paid £330 each for 1 week’s half board, with flights and transfers. Break that down and you are looking at: Flights - £150 (cheapest I can find) Transfers £25 (comparable coach, not a clapped out Transit minibus) Leaves around £155 for 7 nights accommodation & food = £22 per night. Not that bad really is it? I regular stay in a Premier Inn for work and pay around 4 times that price, trust me, a lot of them are to a similar standard to the Canifor! Would I recommend the Canifor? If you want a decent bed, a decent shower and good base to see the island, then YES. For a slap up meal, amazing pool, luxury rooms, then NO!'