'I just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel, along with my sister and another couple. We have stayed here multiple times before over several years, and my review is perhaps colored by my previous stays while this hotel was the Oasis Viva Beach. This property has been caught up in some dispute between the Be Live properties and the Oasis properties. There is no longer a "runaway program" that lets you visit the chain's other hotels in the Cancun area, which was one of the hotel's pluses before the change in management. The hotel has some really strong good points: the hotel location itself is superb (walkable to shopping and evening entertainment), and many of the rooms in the older Viva Beach section towers have balconies with incredible beach views. The hotel is fronted by a nice wide beach, and the water is calm and shallow, albeit with some rocky entrance points. The hotel offers some great rates, and the food is excellent at the buffet. The bad: customer service is very, very mixed. Individual hotel staff can be wonderful, but management is horrible, both at check-in or in the specialty restaurants. The check-in process, while never "easy", was a nightmare this time around--2 1/2 hours!!! There is no longer entertainment beyond karoke in the original lobby, and a rate exchange for rooms that was very different from that quoted on the BeLive.com website. Overall property maintenance is not a strong suit. The clientele has varied considerably from stay to stay: some years have been college kids, other years Mexican families with young children seemed to constitute the bulk of the guests, and still others had a nice mix of Europeans, Mexicans, Canadians, Americans and South Americans. This year, the bulk of the clientele seemed to be Brazilian! In summary, if you are seeking an inexpensive beach vacation, this place can be a great 3 star experience if you are willing to overlook some of the negatives. If, however, you are paying a premium price and are expecting 5 star amenities, I would look elsewhere as you most likely be disappointed. Also, be aware that the Be Live Viva Beach and Be Live Viva Beach Grand, while connected, are very different. The Grand has FEW balcony rooms, although I believe they have access to some other restaurants and other amenities, and is newer. The Viva Beach is older, rooms are clean but dated, and in-room amenities are few. Room Tip: Know What You are Getting See more room tips'