'I was very happy with the location of the hotel and it was very quiet so we could enjoy the swimming pool on our own. The swimming pool is children friendly as the deepest is 1m20. The hotel is about 10-15mins walk from one of the big activity centre of the Zona Hotellera and a very nice beach, and 10mins drive from the city centre. We had continental breakfast included in the price (4 piece of toast/butter/jam, coffee/tea/orange juice). The room was not as spacious as the picture would suggest but it was fine for us (2 double beds and a bathroom with a shower) it was clean, fridge and tv were included. The staff was friendly. The airconditioning was a bit loud. My only deception was that on the day we had advised we would be off all day due to trip to Chichen Itza, some money was stolen from our room (40USD each). I know it was our mistake to leave money in the room as there , but at the time we had had a long day and the trip tio chichen itza was an early departure so we just decided stupidly (and feeling the hotel was safe) not to take all our cash with us for once and left it, hidden, in the room. So the fact some was stolen (mine was in my diary, under my clothes and other books, in a draw, my friend's was in a purse, hidden in clothes, in the luggage, in the cupboard - not exactly apparent nor obvious to be found) on the only day we had advised reception we were going all day is a bit dubious. When we talked to the manager the next morning, he claimed that it never happened before in the 30years or so he has managed the hotel, and that although he was responsible for the safety of our belongings in our room, this did not include cash, which should have been put in the deposit box. Which I understand. He then said we would have to make a police report, which i was very happy to do, since although our bad for leaving money in the room, still some of the staff took time to rummage our room to find the money, this should be reported to the police. We waited for the police and were offered a lunch, and after lunch were told that the person who did our room was off on that day and that would need to wait til the next day. I lost half a day of a very short holiday for that police report and we were leaving the next day. I mentioned that we needed to find the bus station to get to the airport the next day as we were now short in money (another issue my UK card never worked there) and the manager said he would drive us to the airport. the next day we had scheduled enough time to allow for a police report but when we asked about it they said that we had been offered a lunch and the drive to the airport, although it was never mentioned this was to "forget" about the police report so far . I was not pleased as I learnt afterwards the reception forced my friend as she gave the key back to sign some documents stating we were offered the lunch and the drive to not report it to the police when the cab arrived.'