'I have travelled to Palma Nova many times and will again but will not be staying at this hotel. We booked via an agent and flew with Ryan Air, another first and Never Again, but that’s another story. We didn’t want to be shackled by all inclusive and so stayed B&B, good choice! Cleanliness; the rooms were cleaned every day to an acceptable standard; staff were prepared to wait or call again if we were delayed. Location; The hotel overlooks Palma Nova bay, facing North and had fantastic views however there were a couple of disadvantages. Local youths would congregate near the pool at night 11pm+ (people are not allowed on beach) at night drinking, urinating around bar / poolside furniture and being noisy. I had to go to reception at 2am only to be told by night ported ‘I am sorry but this is normal’. Insisting something be done the porter called security and the youths were eventually moved on. The hotel is literally just over the hill from Magaluff and roaming gangs of drunken Brit males call on the pubs located on the Warf next to the hotel. (These gangs do not generally venture further into Palma Nova). Lots of football chanting etc. Rooms; they are as basic as they can get; really they don’t come less so in my experience. Service; the standard of service is by any standard one of 'disinterest'. Value; you pay for what you get; we booked a last minute holiday and got what we paid for 'value'. Some of the patronage at the hotel were very loud during the day at the poolside, interested in getting as much value from the pool bar as they could, having paid for all inclusive! The pool fortunately has a life guard; two families more interested in drinking etc didn’t notice that their children (approx 3yrs) were in difficulty. Lifeguard jumped in and assisted them thanked by comments of parents ‘that was a bit of an overreaction’! Sleep Quality; It is at night and early morning when you realise that the walls are made of paper, honestly you can hear literally everything from all sides, above and below. If you want a decent night’s sleep, get drunk first. Overall; Don’t do it, stay further into Palma Nova and pay a bit more.'