'We stayed here for 4 days in September and paid $552 CAD, all inclusive for the trip. It was well worth the money. Check in took some time because we were travelling with 12 girls and we made some room changes prior to arrival, with Sunwing as our tour operator. They mis-communicated these changes to the hotel and somehow we ended up with an extra room that no one used. We had room 107, 110 and 111 which were in the perfect location. This cost an extra $35 per night. They each had an expansive terrace overlooking the beach, with enough room for several lounge chairs and the location provided a lot of shade; this was where we spent a lot of time. We had no problems with bugs in the rooms or the AC. Each of the rooms had a king sized bed, a sitting area, a mini fridge stocked with pop, water and beer. The others in our group with the “lagoon view” rooms on the other floors did not have these extras. The lagoon view was really just a street view. The rooms were clean, maintained once daily and quite comfortable. The main pool was extremely busy because of the bar, the snack stand and the kids. We spent almost no time there, but there was a separate quiet pool towards the side of the hotel. We found this to be a very family oriented resort, visited by many locals. We do not speak Spanish, so we did not really interact with anyone there. The hotel entertainment manager did arrange for us to go to Coco Bongo one night for $65 which included transportation there and inclusive drinks, but not transportation back. As for the food, it was decent. We ate 3 meals a day at the buffet and it worked for us. Some people ended up with stomach issues which could have come from eating the fresh salads and fruits. We mostly stayed away from anything that wasn’t cooked, as well as the ice. The nachos were great and present at every meal. There was always a decent soup, bread served with vinegar and olive oil and various cooked meats and rice to choose from. The buffet always had steamed broccoli or zucchini. We went to the a la carte restaurant once, and the food was good. They served grilled chicken, grilled fish, pork and what they called a steak - it was merely an extremely thin piece of beef, but it was all tasty. The bars all had filtered water. There were various types of alcohol, ranging from local brands to “top shelf” items. They had Bacardi and Dos Equis. If you’re particular about the brand you ask for, make sure you watch as they pour the alcohol, because even when I specifically asked for Bacardi, I saw the bartender pouring a different brand. When I pointed it out, he insisted it was the same “rum”. The lobby bartender was the only rude staff member I encountered. Appleton, Jack Daniels and Malibu were considered “top shelf” liquor which you had to pay extra for. The coffee everywhere on the resort was very, very bad. The mall across the street was called Flamingo Plaza and it had a pharmacy and various stores which all had similar souvenirs. We found the prices to be better there than at the flea market, where the vendors tended to be extremely pushy. Overall the location and beach were absolutely perfect; the food was ok since we were only there for four days. Aside from the inevitable language barrier, there were no downsides to the trip. I would recommend it for large groups, people on a budget and families.'