'We stayed for two nights at Rhinefield House for a relative's Wedding. The house and grounds were fantastic, and the children loved the outdoor swimming pool which was opened early due to the good weather. Generally all staff were very curtious and polite apart from the grumpy chap serving at breakfast. One member of staff directed us to the wedding breakfast area which started at 9am. We were then told by the grumpy staff mamber that we were 5 mins too early. We later asked the grumpy chap for a child seat, but he responded along the lines of 'Oh, I can't do everything?!'. We then sat and began breakfast as more wedding guests arrived, hoping that our immediate family members would fill up our table. The grumpy staff member then tried to redirect guests to fill tables up one by one to make his life easy? If you're paying the prices we are paying for the hotel (£270 a night) then I expect we sit where we want in the breakfast room! The breakfast was mediocre. Other basic problems we experienced were the broken air conditioning and broken fridge in our room. It transpired that air con was not working in the hotel but nobody informed us on arrival and was not due to be fixed until following Wednesday ?!. We had two very uncomfortable nights sleep over a very hot weekend in the room with two young children. We asked for a portable air con unit but after three calls to reception we finally recived a desk fan which was inadequate. The fridge was broken in our room and after three requests was not replaced or repaired. We were told on the first day that the fridge would be seen to the next day, but this never happened. We also ordered evening meals by room service on the first day. This meal order was mixed up. The staff were polite but there just seemed to be no one in charge behind the scenes? Where was the management? We often travel on business and leisure to similar spec hotels in the UK and overseas where the general room price is about half the price charged by Rhinefield House. Was it worth £270 a night? No. We've been offered discounts in the past by hotels when problems have occured with rooms and service, but not at Rhinefield House. Maybe Rhinefield House think that we should think ourselves lucky that they allowed us to stay in their hotel! We were paying a 5* price but do not honestly feel we received a 5* service unfortunately.'