'The hotel as depicted from Orbitz was not so great when we arrived. It's pretty far away from the tourist areas, lots of run down buildings surrounding. The rooms are very small and while we were there the water pressure in the shower was so poor it was nearly impossible to even wash your hair. We bought a package deal and were supposed to stay for a couple weeks but the cab fare from here to any attractions cost us at least $10 each way. With it's location you can't really walk around the neighborhood to any bus stops firstly because it was kind of an uncomfortable area and secondly because there were no nearby bus stops. It states that the hotels policy is that we could get a refund for the remaining nights if we were to pay a fee, but the management was terribly uncooperative and it took them a few days to even get back to us about getting refunded after telling them that is what we wanted to do. They were extremely unclear about refunding us. We were told once that we had to go through orbitz about a refund, and from other staff we were told they had to go though their own booking service. After staying there those few days and practically wasting that portion of our vacation we were told they were not able to reufund us at all for the remaining weeks! We were very upset with the service and didn't feel we could enjoy the vacation staying in the hotel or in the area and ended up having to waste another day of our vacation searching for another hotel. We ended up losing hundreds of dollars, mind you we are a young college age couple on our first vacation outside of the US we saved up for a year for, so we certainly didn't have that kind of extra money to throw around, thats just how strongly we felt it would dampen the whole vacation. The rates were among the cheapest we could find while looking to book our vacation hotel, but it was for reason. Orbitz and other sites don't advertise this hotels location efficiently. And obviously from our experience we felt the service and management we terrible. I just wanted to share this because the hotel looks like a great deal if youre searching for a cheap place to stay and dont need the extra amenities that all inclusive type hotels offer, but it's worth paying a little more to book a spendier hotel in the hotel zone.'