'I must admit, I was a very worried about returning to Las Perlas after reading the harsh reviews. I stayed here 9 yrs ago as a spring breaker and all seemed fine. I was hoping the bad reviews were people who expected to get a big bang for their buck. I mean literally the hotel was dirt cheap per night; located on the hotel zone, beach front w/ a breakfast buffet- I wasn’t asking for much for the low rate. I was not disappointed- it is a VERY average maybe slightly below average hotel; beds do not have box springs, towels are not soft, toiletries are not upgraded (so bring your own shampoo, towels, bath soap, etc. if you want fancy). But, the beds had sheets, comforters, pillows, the water temperature was perfect, etc. We were able to check out a blow dryer from the front desk, so we were content. There was a closet, but no hangers, so bring your own if you need them. I really like the style of the hotel, very small and easy to get in and out of rooms, to the beach and eating area. The hotel has a quaint location, the beach is not the pretty blue water like further down the hotel zone, but it is still a beach with beautiful views and you don’t have to fight for beach side lounge chairs or pool side seating. If you manage to score a room with a balcony facing the beach you are lucky and will enjoy the room more. The food is not great, but they did have an omelet chef at breakfast, so I took full advantage. And, they had fruit and coffee every morning that was great. I heard from other guests that if you decide later in your stay to upgrade to the all inclusive you can do so for $25 per day, but you have to upgrade for the rest of your stay. Which if you are going to stay at the hotel, it would be well worth it. But, we did not, we were in town for a wedding, and had private excursions, other trips planned each day. Which was another reason, we chose a budget hotel, because we knew we would not spend much time in it. But, we did spend a lot of time on their beach! And, the bus stop to get downtown and to central hotel zone, etc. is just outside the door. Not bad for 8 pesos (80 cents) each way. If you want to be near the hussle and bustle of Cancun you can by a short bus ride. Note, all rooms are difference some have kitchenettes, some only have mini-fridge. The hotel did however try to charge us an extra “per person” fee at check-in. I explained to them that we had a pkg. deal, and they still said that through Travelocity there is a per person fee for over 2ppl per room is always charged; I called Travelocity and it was sorted out, however be aware- bring all your paperwork and have a phone that can dial out! Make sure to have your travel agent or travel companies international number handy.'