'We found the Mayafair hotel on Booking.com and read the reviews on Tripadvisor when we were looking for a hotel in Cancun. We were comming from Playa Del Carmen were we had a magnificent stay, and as our flight was from Cancun we decided to stay our last days there. We were travelling by car through Mexico so we just drove up to the hotel. We asked details abut the rooms at the front desk and viewed a room. The rooms are named after designers, models, ... peaople who have been invloved in the fashion industry. This is a nice touch. We saw the Balenciaga room, which was nice. We went back to the recption and said the room was ok but that we prefered a room with a window. The recptionist said that there was a guest checking out of the Cindy Crawford room which had a window and we could reserve that room.We filled out all forms & made all payments. Although it was 12 a clock the guest was still in his room, and we said we would go off to do some sight seeing and come back in the evening. When we returned in the evening there was another recptionist at the front desk and she said there was a problem with our reservation. The person who stayed in the room still had not checked out and was missing... Strange situation. She took us to another room, which was pretty dissapointing. The room did not seem to be used. It did not have a name such as the other suites, the seating was torn, there was no refrigerator, theere was water running from the toilet on the tiles, broken tiles in the shower. When we were on buget travelling this room would have been verry well, but for the price we paid (not budget at all) and compared to the room we previously saw it was clear that something was off. We told the receptionist that this was not what we bargained for, and asked her if she could just give us the Balenciaga room we saw previously if the Crawford room was not available. But that room was allread occupied, together with all the other suites, so this was the only thing she had left... We told her what we had pain was too much for this room, and I actually thin she agreed. She called her manager and they offered us to stay in that room for one night, put us in another room next day and give us an additional night for free. However, we could only spend there 2 nights as we had our flight to catch afterwards so we could not accept the offer. They did not offer to let us pay for 1 nght and give us 1 for free, but insisted we spend one night in the reserve room and one night in one of the suites. We agreed, but still pointed out that we had paid too much if we needed to stay in that room for the night and that there needed to be some kind off compenstation. We really aren't that difficult people, and we have stayed at far worser hotels and hostels but we thought the situation we were put in just was not fair. After all if check out time was 12 and the man had not checked out by 15 a bell must have rang and they must have anticipated that there could be a potential problem, keeping an extra room free for us. Or cleaning out the man his room, and prgramming another lockcard for the door so it could be used by us. They new we were comming so they could have thought of a better solution or compenstation. The manager came down and we discussed a solution. At this time we were so tired, and we still did not have eaten so we finally give up. The deal was that they would give us a discount on the first night (first 100 pesos, after some discussion 300 pessos) and the next day they would put us in another room with a jucuzzi and everything we wanted. They also offered us a botlle of free wine (to drink away our problems?!), but we do not drink wine so did not accept it. The next day our stuff was taken to the Loius Vuitton suite. This was a nice room, with a window, and a jucuzzi... which offcourse didn't work... Overall the rooms look nice, but if you stay in them you find that is kind of 'bricollage' and there are some flaws. The concept is good, and it could have potential but they need to be consistent. It seems the owners have taken over an old hotel (as you can see in the lobby and the halls, where modern style clashes with acient maya style) and trying to modernize it. Some rooms still need to be redecorated, and are covered up with big pannels about fashion (the one we stayed in for one night for instance). There is no breakfast or dining included or available, rooms come with tv/AC, some rooms have a refrigerator/window others not, wifi worked, do not expect a lott of storage room, parking was inlcuded. Rooms are all open (bed, table, chair, bathroom all in one aria). The hotel does not have acces to the beach, you do get a discount at a beach club but we did not find it, and the public beach wasn't really charming. Next time, I will go somewhere else, so I can at least enjoy the beach while I'm in Cancun. This hotel would be nice in a city but does not really fit in Cancun. However if the staff puts in a little more effort it could have potential. However, they won't see us back!'