'We found the Avalon Baccara Cancun on Trip Advisor and we're glad we did. We came during the high season (between Christmas and NY), thus big, spacious, ocean-facing rooms were definitely at a premium. We had one of the smaller rooms, which honestly, was probably a little too small for 2 grown adults, so I recommend splurging for a bigger room facing the ocean. Our lagoon room was pretty small and we didn't have windows (there was access to a terrace which was surrounded by walls and buildings and had no view.) The staff was nice enough to place a small fridge in our room since we were staying for 5 nights, but it was so loud, we unplugged it the first night. The bed, although wide, was a little too short for me...my feet were sticking out and i had to sleep diagonally...! Also wish they had more comfy pillows. Besides those hiccups, everything else was great; the staff is so friendly and attentive, the hotel grounds are beautiful in a hacienda-sorta way. There're less than 30 rooms, so the beach fronting the hotel is pretty much empty because there're so few guests and no other big hotels nearby with folks encroaching on your beach space. The pool is huge and fun for such a small hotel, and includes a wet bar. It's also right next to Habaneros, this cheap and tasty little taco stand run by Mario; we had dinner there one night and couldn't spend more than $10 total for our entire dinner- we were stuffed! Lunch the next day was just as good and cheap. The hotel is also an easy 5-10 min walk to La Isla, a huge open-air mall with lots of restaurants and shops. The Flamingo Plaza across the street from the hotel is pretty dead but convenient for stuff like bottled water, snacks etc. Recommend for young couples who are looking for more privacy, less frat-boy type parties, and wouldn't mind climbing stairs to rooms (there're no elevators; 4-storey high). Swing for the bigger rooms facing the ocean if you intend to hang out at the hotel during your stay. Room Tip: Splurge for bigger, ocean-facing rooms. Some lagoon-facing rooms do not have windows, just a terrace... See more room tips'