'I have heard many times that a good hostel can make a trip, regardless of what city it’s in. Sadly, I’m writing to say the reverse is also true, as I have just discovered. Over the past 4 months I have stayed in approximately 15-20 hostels and I have never had an issue with any of them to such an extent that I felt compelled to write a review. I often recommend hostels I enjoy to fellow travelers and I enjoy supporting those businesses. Paris is a location that is on almost everyone’s to-see list in Europe, and I honestly did enjoy most of the attractions. However, my interactions with the staff of Lucky Youth were so stressful that the enjoyment of my entire trip was overshadowed. One major problem I have with the hostel are their unethical business practices, primarily the website failing to accurately portray the accommodation. Despite what the website says, the “dorms” and “doubles” were connected, meaning those in the double had to share a kitchenette (with no working stove) and single bathroom with those in the dorms. The 30 euro prices on the site are also inaccurate; the dorm I stayed in cost around 44 euro a night—almost double of any other hostel I’ve stayed in. I called the Lucky Youth hostel and asked for a room for 4 nights, while noting that I would arrive after 8p.m., as per the website’s request. When I asked if that would be a problem, they said ‘no’ and told me to call a number when I arrive at the train station—no mention of an additional fee. When I arrived at the station around 10:00pm, I called and was told I would have to wait 25 minutes maximum. About 50 minutes later I called again and was told I would be picked up in 5 minutes (hardly the “no loss of holiday time” written on the website). After arriving to the room I was told that I also owed an additional 15 euro for being checked in after 8p.m.— a rate that was lowered to 10 euros due to my wait time. When I protested saying that I wasn’t aware of the charge, they said it was prominently stated on the website and in the reservation confirmation e-mail. Fair enough, if I missed the fee on my own, then I’ll pay. When I looked for the fee’s description from these sources, it was not present and I was told since the fee was never mentioned to me, I wouldn’t have to pay it. A day later I was informed by the staff that I would have to pay the fee again because it was written on the small scroll bar next to the reservation booking page about ¾ of the way down after you request the room. To be completely honest, I am unconvinced the line was not added after the fact due to the excessive time it took them to bring this to my attention. My argument with them was never about them money, but it was about the principal of it being ethically dubious for businesses to tack on hidden fees to already one of the most expensive hostels in the world. This fee is also not mentioned on hostelbookers.com. The staff is also plagued by rampant unprofessionalism. In the main rooms of the apartment, there are no free electrical outlets for 8 young travelers to charge phones, cameras, or laptops. In order to charge things, one must unplug something—usually the unused TV or microwave. However, from other travelers I have heard how the staff yells and rants at backpackers for unplugging these devices to try to charge their gadgets. The staff also insults former backpackers for having complaints about the hostel, just as they are likely doing with me right now. Try to count the number of times you hear the “toilet paper” story. The first night I also noticed that I did not have a duvet (comforter) on my bed, so I was forced to use my clothes as a substitute. When I brought this to the staff’s attention, no apology was offered but they said that duvets were in the closet and that I should know where they are stored in a completely unfamiliar town in a random hostel because “you are an adult.” I honestly could go on and on with complaints, but that’s not the point of this review. I likely can’t convince you to stay elsewhere, especially if you were in my position and needed a hostel when most of Paris was already booked. Just know that the Lucky Youth placed a sour note on my stay in Paris and friends of mine have already decided not to stay there based on my terrible experience. For the cost of 44 euros a night a hostel should provide everything a traveler could want. For Lucky Youth to not include a working stove, breakfast, more than 1 electrical outlet for 8 tech-savvy travelers, or even sheets is ridiculous. On the positive side, the apartment does have a nice view and a lot of your fellow backpackers are fun and cool people who had many of the same grievances with the Lucky Youth hostel that I did. Post script: I wrote a note attached to my returned key that said I did not want my picture to be used in promotional material for the hostel (the manager took several), this is how they replied which exemplifies their unprofessionalism: “Hi there! Thanks for you (sic) email but I had not really planned to choose photos on which you are to be honest (sic). I choose only people that I think are cool.” In short, the Lucky Youth Hostel ruined Paris.'