'We just returned from GR solaris and will never return !! It was our 2nd vacation in Mexico this year and never before come away feeling we had wasted our money. On arrival at 1pm we were told that a king room we had requested 10 weeks before was not available and it was only a request and something they didn't have to honor ! they offered a king room if we upgraded wich we did. Then be told to come back at check in at 3 pm. The lady also told me most of the hotel was shut down due to lack of people and still expected us to pay upgrade !! We were then taken my a lady named Betty to a desk and quickly after telling us a little about the hotel was more interested in getting us to sign up for a visit to their sister hotel next day ..TIME SHARE !! every time we went into the lobby one of the staff in pale blue shirts would be wating to see who they could approach !! The room was fantastic , clean , comfortable and quite due to few visitors. Don't expect a maid to check your room evening for turn down of bed !!!! This hotel is rated 4 star and we have had better service and food at 3 star resorts. The resturants are few and selection at the buffets is the same each day. Rate the service and food well below any where else we have stayed. Tried getting change for tips at front desk in dollars and refused unless mexican money ! also the shop and tour operaters refused to and was told to ask the person were tipping for change !! take 1$ bills not 20$'s Refused simple drinks that normally are served at 3 or 4 star resorts to be told they were for members only ! ( Baileys on ice ) Pool bar closed before 5pm and people had to walk to lobby bar wet ! NO pool side service from staff which is a normal service for 4 star apart from collecting empty glasses. We are not picky guests..just expect a service and not be jumped on with time share and ignored by employees that are unhappy in their job. Just got ame back from Barcelo Caribe Riveria Maya in June a 3 star resort with 5 star service !! will return there and never stay at a Solaris again !! not sure in the experience was due to it being off season or if this was normal. stayed at Dreams last December and again was wonderful. This resort is only interested in Time Share and getting people to meet at 11pm to drive them one way to Senior Frogs..would not go again even if offered free !! Room Tip: Stay at another resort rather than Solaris !!! See more room tips'