'I'm an optimist. Despite reading all the bad reviews the price swayed me and I told myself that only the unhappy ones write reviews, that there must be some good things about this place. Well I should have listened to all the other posters. One good thing came of it... it was so bad it was funny! Upon check in, our lagoon view room was tiny and not clean. The view from the balcony.. well we could barely seen the lagoon in the far distance as we were over a parking lot and maintenance building. To the hotels credit they did "upgrade" us to an ocean view room. This room was still pretty bad. The door didn't open well, one had to hip check it as it wasn't level with the floor, upon entering we immediatly checked for bugs, thank goodness no bed bugs. I did however rip the top cover off the bed as it was very obviously filthy and probably had not been washed since it's purchase. The sheets seemed ok. I did bribe the staff the next day to ensure clean ones and I know there were changed. The walls had large and crumbling holes in them, the ceiling was falling in where the curtains hung, they did not close all the way and were held closed by a pin. There was a chair in the room and we would not even place anything on it, never mind sit in it as it was nasty. The patio doors barely locked and the pad lock was broken. Security was not important to them obviously. The flat screen tv...well ok the screen was flat but it was from the 80's, a giant tube type tv. No remote even after we asked several times. The buttons on the tv did not work either, it was iffy if the channel would change or the volume would go up or down. We had to use a pen to operate them as the button covers had long ago fallen off. There was no hair dryer as promised in the room, but there was a hole in the wall where it was supposed to be. The fan in the bathroom made a screeching noise and unfortunately it was linked to the light, so we either had to endure the screech or use the bathroom in the dark. The shower had one faucet that worked and it was iffy if we would get hot or cold water. They did have a working safe in the room, too bad we couldn't crawl into it to feel safe ourselves. Our ocean view by the way was obstructed by the buffet building and could not be seen although technically our room was facing the ocean. The buffet.. we ate dinner there once in 5 days. So much for saving some money by going to an all inclusive. It was nasty. Hot dog wieners in fake cheese sauce?! Really?! Soggy warm salad.. The breakfast however was good. You should know, even though the picture shows two pools, one is a wading pool for the kids, it's about a foot deep. Also, 90