'Our stay at hotel Grand Avalon Cancun was TERRIBLE. We made the reservation thorough Expedia Mexico and the photographs shown of the hotel are REALLY DECEIVING. When we booked our Triple Room for 4 nights for our stay in Cancun, checking in on 28-04-12 and checking out on 02-05-12 we never ever imagined we were going to have a sour and unpleasant experience with the personnel of Grand Cancún, in particular with Humberto Meza el manager in duty. I had chosen Grand Avalon amongst hundreds and hundres of hotels in Cancun because it seemed to be a nice place according to the photographs shown in Expedia. When I booked the room I made a very IMPORTANT observation, that the room assigned to us had to be on the ground floor or closet o an elevator, due that my mother has an injured spine and has mobility problems. About this petition I did NOT receive any response neither from the hotel or from Expedia. When we checked in on Saturday 28th April I was shocked to find that the hotel reception is located on a third floor with a huge starcase from the ground floor and with no lift or wayof connecting he ground floor with the reception. When I talked about this with the hotel administrator he did not offer any solution or response to our concern, saying that the rooms on the ground floor were being remodeled because the owner wanted to rent them as store premises and that the only room that was available halfway to the ground floor had been just booked by other guests! We asked to speak to the manager, a man called Humberto Meza that was defensive towards us from start, saying that he had indeed received my request about being allocated a room on the ground floor but that he did not have what we wanted! I clarified to him that this was not something that we wanted, but something that we NEEDED, for health issues. He said he couldn´t do anything nor offer any solution to the problema. He told me that we needed to make the reservation directly to the hotel diregarding Expedia because they were the problema. I indicated to him that when I tried to find the hotel local number in the internet this is nowhere to be found, the links redirecting me only to travel agencies, vacation packages websites and 1 800 numbers and other business associates. How can he say they can only honor reservations and requests made with the hotel only, when they are publicizing so openly in international travel websites, without giving a local number. This person Meza did not offer any solution to our case. He even refused to try to manage his rooms or reservation or even to try to offer an upgrade to the guests in the only ground floor room (that by the way did not even have any sea views). He didn’t try to do anything to solve the situation as any business person or customer service professional in Cancun would have. The only thing he offered was let us borrow a wheelchair, for us to be pushing my mother up and down the only very inclined, unsafe ramp they had. He also said there was no staff around to help us to do this!! Go figure!! This is a so called 4 star hotel in a high touristic zone like Cancun, these are our long anticipated holidays PAID FOR IN ADVANCE, we were travelling all all day from all across the country to Cancun for a dream vacation and having to come in and out your hotel in a wheelchair?! A real nightmare! This person Meza has poor personal skills and got desperate because he could not offer any solution, so he just ¨washed his hands¨ and said that if we wanted a refund or a change we need to contact Expedia directly. I called Expedia and they had me waited for more tan half an hour on the line, and the agents, a woman named Claudia amongst them, were cold and unhelpful, and they gave me the impression they were tossing the ¨hot potato¨ amongst them cause every time I tried to speak to someone, got transfer to someone else, they cut me up in several occasions and then I had to speak to a brand new person from the start, a nightmare… one of them told me that customers special requests were not guaranteed. I could not believe it. We were talking about a serious issue, a health issue and if they are unable to make acomodations they should at least notify us! And I need to remark this is 4 star hotel in Cancun that is not equipped to catter the needs of handicap or disable people. I believe this is not just an issue of attention to the customer, it is an issue of profesional ethics and moral!! They do not guarantee to meet the needs of customers with special needs, but they don´t even give you notice of this!! The only thing they DO guarantee you is to take your money and to advantage of you as a customer, leaving you helpless without any mercy when you have already traveled and are physically there at the hotel. Just because they don´t want to lose their business, these people with no ethics and no morals take advantage of the customers. This guy Meza he even got to say that it was best for him not to welcome us there, almost like kicking us out!! After we had PAID IN ADVANCE and these people have ALREADY TAKEN our money, they try to kick us out?? Execrable! Hotel Grand Avalon Cancun is a huge shame and does not meet at all the standards to be in Cancun´s famous hotel zone. A so called 4 star hotel that has no facilities for disabled people and people of restricted mobility, with no staff, and no rooms on the ground floor. The only elevator they have only connects the reception with two more floors and it is working only in half capacity, because in spite of having 0,-1,-2 keys these won´t work, and the hotel has an underground parking lot that is not connected to the reception. I don´t know who was the designer of this hotel or who is charge of its maintenance, but the design is all over the place, impractical and very bad planned. Grand Avalon is a decadent place, at the entrance the carp is torn and the cleanliness leaves a lot to be desired. The hotel is more dead than a graveyard, in full contrast with the nearby hotels full of life and atmosphere, we could only feel sorry for ourselves having chosen the Grand Avalon! The pool they have is only for children, water just about one meter in depth, pitiful! Breakfast is awful. I was travelling with a European friend visiting Mexico for the first time and that had a terrible impression of the place and the food. I had to reassured my friend that its not the case that Mexican food was bad, it´s just the case that food at hotel Grand Avalon was bad! When we asked for room service and asked for dairy free milk, and they said they didn´t have it. This is really inconvenient for people with lactose intolerance, and when we asked for skimmed milk, they said they didn´t have it either! That they only use whole milk in their kitchen. Unbelievable for a 4 star hotel in Cancun! We couldn´t believe it. It was HORRIBLE! I would NOT stay even again at Grand Avalon Hotel, note even if they pay me. I would recommend to all national and international travellers visiting Cancun to avoid at all cost this hotel and all its chain. There are loads of quality hotels in Cancun, much better and much more value in comparison. It is just not worthy to waste your money and time and ruining your holidays by staying at Grand Avalon hotel. And besides I will NEVER book my holidays with EXPEDIA again. The photographs they show of the hotel were deceiving and our request was not honored, neither we were notified in advance about it. Once the booking is made and they take your money, they just don´t care. Their loyalty is with hotels, airlines and businesses not with customers. These organizations only care about profits and business, they don´t care to cater the travellers’ needs. Travellers from all around the world, please do check other options like Booking.com, that not only they don´t take any commission for making a reservation, in most cases fees for the rooms are not charge in advance not putting in risk the travellers integrity. It is a trustworthy website and they do value and respect their customers. Room Tip: Choose a good room - somewhere else!! See more room tips'