'We just got back from Cancun today and stayed at the Avalon Grand. This was our third trip to Cancun and are used to staying at one of the Riu resorts. We chose the Avalon Grand as it was reasonably price and didn't feel we wanted to do the all inclusive experience. The aesthetics of the hotel from the outside appear nice. The lobby is nice and the pool grounds are well maintained. It is also very quiet which is a change as it was prime spring break time. It is a small pool area (there are two pools), but we were able to get chairs every day without having to wake up at the crack of dawn. The staff are very friendly and always willing to help with suggestions for good eats. The hotel is also just a couple blocks from two different shopping malls. It is a bit of a longer walk to the club area, but not too bad. Do make sure you go and eat at the taco place to the right of the hotel (when walking out). It's NOT habeneros, but the place connected to it on the left. They have delicious fish tacos and fried chicken tacos, and they are so friendly there! Once we got to our room (8303), we were extremely disappointed. I had read that some people had decent rooms, so I was hoping for the best. I don't know if there is a new part of this hotel, or some rooms are more updated, but our room did not match any of the reviews on here. It was very dim, making it especially hard to shower (try shaving with no light). There is nothing in the shower to set your shower stuff on, so you constantly had to bend down to pick up your shampoo, conditioner...doesn't seem like a big deal until you have to experience how inconvenient it is first hand. The drain to the shower is also slow to drain so i would be standing in a small pool of water while it was also knocking over all my shower things I had to set on the ground. I had a hard time getting ready because there was no full length mirror. There is a horrible, horrible moldy smell in the room. It was not until the last day when I had to use the tiny mirror next to the curtain in the bathroom that I realized it was from that. It gets very humid in the rooms and the moisture from being by the ocean has definitely played a part in all the mold in the rooms. We could not even use the closet because if you left your clothes to hang it would start to smell like mold. There were a couple of days that we went out to the lobby and that same smell was there. The temperature in the hotel is also hard to manage. It is either way too cold with the AC or too humid once you turned it down. I could not get comfortable. I am not a picky person when it comes to hotel rooms, so I am by no means being "snobby." But I would at least expect to have a clean room, with the essential things needed to get ready. The smell was unbearable, we had to get candles to light which didn't even touch the smell. If you are looking for a cheap place to stay and are not bothered by some of these things, go for it. But I am disappointed and wish that I had known more in depth about the problems of this hotel before I booked.'