'Just returned from 11 days all Inc at the lagotel with my girlfriend 21 and son 2. Overall it worked out a good base but a few things meant we would not return. Obviously I understand it is only a 3* and am not expecting a palace but I often go 3* in turkey and this hotel didn't match up. the problems started for us first day Firstly we went into our room that was lovely and spacious with 2 single beds pushed together to form a double and a cot. When we returned that night to put our son into the cot, it looked like the home to a ants nest. Ants everywhere. I know they do not harm you but I was not allowing to sleep till it was sorted. I went to reception who sent a lady up with a can of spray to kill him- no new room. The ants stayed away but every couple days they had to return to kill them once again. There must of been 200 in the wardrobe that was killed on the 3rd day, and these were still there on the last day- not cleaned. We had a room facing the pools on 5th floor (528) which had a nice view. Gets a little nosy of a night but that didn't both us. It's described as a childrens hotel which is often rated but other reviews however my son is 2 and kids club the children have to be 3. So my son could not attend. Outside kids club all that's left is a park about 12' sq and all it has is one little plastic slide, 1 plastic rocking horse and a plastic bike. Not really enough for the amount of children present. Animation team in my opinion are not fantastic they put on 3 games a day and these are not for children and they make no effort to get people involved so the 2 times I went to play football 7 people turned up. The food again was ok for me but my gf and baby would not eat half of it and some nights wouldn't eat at all due to the repetitiveness and taste. There's 6 trays on 2 sides That often mirror each other. No night do you get a special theme and none of the waiters smile. So most nights we had to eat out or go to the shop for snacks and this is mega expensive. a family with 2 who wasn't all Inc spent 300 in 3 days out of there 1100 budget for 2weeks. The beach is a ten min walk away as are shops and these are all quite good but again a little expensive. The beach is very clean and very busy. We went on a excursion to marine land to watch the dolphins and sea lions show - amazing! We went on the muro express which is a road train that takes you around the area. We also done some good fishing on the lake and went out in the rowing boat. We made the most of it and had a good time and I know you'll read this and probably say I'm fussy or a moony old so and so but some people do like it and I think it just comes down to your own situation and what resorts you have visited in the past. For similar money we are used to so much more all round then what we received at lagotel. Thanks for reading The beach is 10 mins away walking Room Tip: Ask for a lake view room and check for ants See more room tips'