'After already having booked a room in this hostel, I started reading the reviews on the bus ride to Paris from the airport. I came across some great ones but some awful ones-complaints of the management and organization/booking issues (horror stories, actually). It turned out that these complaints had merit and pretty much all of the bad things said on here are true-or have the possibility of being true. There is no main office near the hostel, which is an apartment building. You get met at the train station and brought to your apartment by a member of the staff. We booked beds in a six bedroom room, except it turned out there was another private bedroom (2people) within our room as well. So in reality you are sharing the facilities with two extra people. The kitchen is claimed to be fully stocked. But it's really not. There is not even a garbage can in the bathroom. So if you want to throw something out you have to walk all the way to the kitchen. Kind of gross. We paid for sheets and were told they would arrive by 8:00pm or some exact time. They brought two sets of sheets before that time and we were still missing one set. We called and emailed the staff who were not nice at all. There was apparently a problem with the beds we chose to put our sheets on-apparently we were assigned to beds without being told we were assigned to them. The staff told us that they had to rearrange SO many things after they found out we chose those beds and that they have a certain process and if they don't follow it things will be all chaotic. They literally freaked out on us. This is what happened: The staff member gave us our sheets by placing them on a certain set of bunk beds (there were two sets in the room). We had already put our stuff on the other set of beds because it was near the window. We didn't figure him placing the sheets on the other beds meant anything. We take the sheets and make the other beds with them and set up all our stuff there. We go out, come back a few hours later and there is a nasty post it note on our bed saying that we MUST use the beds we were ASSIGNED. Apparently the man placing the sheets on a certain set of bunk beds meant we were "assigned" those beds. He never said a word about any assigned beds. There was no one else in the room. So we literally had to move all of our stuff to the other beds. That night this man comes into our apartment at 1am on his cell phone having a full-on conversation while everyone is sleeping. He has a key and will literally walk into the apartment without any caution whatsoever...doesn't knock or anything. He comes in in the middle of the night to have a conversation with another girl in the room. Literally wakes her up to talk to her about where her friend is and how she hasn't checked in yet. I was appalled. At that time he also finally brought the third set of sheets we had paid for. He just slaps them onto my friend's bed. At 1:00am. He continued to come into the apartment unannounced for the next three days with no caution at all. We were all girls, too. On our last day a nice couple comes in and checks into our room with the staff member man. The next day we find out that despite having confirmed the day before, the hostel had zero record of their reservation and wouldn't let them stay there. They had a week-long reservation. Apparently the staff member was also extremeley rude to the couple and thought he was doing them a "favor" by waiving some tiny fee. They still had to pay for that one night even though their entire vacation got all messed up. They also apparently charge some ridiculous amount of money if you check in late and even if you them know ahead of time..which they says okay. The apartment style hostel is a good idea and there are some things that are nice about it but this place is just a disaster. It is also kind of far from the center of the city (La Siene) but it is right next to the big train station which is convenient.'