'This was the first time we stayed at the Hotel Hawaii and it will defintaely be the last! From the start, our stay here was disappointing to say the least. On check in, the reception staff were very unfriendly and wasn't at all welcoming. When we went to our room, we were totally unhappy with what greeted us. The room was very pokey, gloomy and on inspection wasn't very clean either. It was on the first floor and from the balcony we had a fantastic view of the dining room/kitchen roofs along with empty cigarette packets, bottle tops, fag ends and other disgarded litter. We immediately returned to reception and asked if we could upgrade to a better room which we were more than willing to pay for. We were treated like naughty little children and were told in no uncertian terms that we should have booked a Premier room in the first place!! We were told to go back to reception several times and when we finally got to talk to the man who deals with reservations were told yet again to come back later as he was too busy!! Fantastic customer service...NOT!! By the end of the day, both myself and my husband were tired and irritated by our treatment so ended up trying to make the most of a bad thing and stuck with the room we'd been allocated. When we had firstly complained about our room, we were informed that it had recently been refurbished....What a joke...In our opinion, the only things added were a flat screen tv with 2 english channels, a kettle and 2 polystyrene cups. It was crammed with tacky looking furniture, the sheets and pillowcases were pilly and the bathroom floor had several hairs and bits of fluff on it. The bathroom door was just a piece of frosted glass that pushed to so there was little or no privacy when using the loo! The hotel itself is in a fabulous position overlooking the sea but I feel it is more in Magaluf than Palma Nova. The pool area isn't that big for the amount of people the hotel holds and as balls, lilos and other inflateable toys were allowed in, there was no chance of a swim!! The hotel is very children orientated and doesn't have an adult only area so it was impossible to have a nice relaxing drink. The entertainment team seemed really good with the kids but I don't agree with the evening ritual of playing follow the leader around the busy restaurant where people are walking around with hot bowls of soup and food..........An accident waiting to happen!! In fairness, the food wasn't too bad but did get a little repetitive which is quite common in AI hotels. All but a handful of the hotel's staff are very miserable and some are even quite aggressive in their attitude. After staying in 2,3,4 and 5* hotels I would class this hotel as a 2* and I can't believe for the life of me how they have managed to obtain a 4* rating for 2013, the mind boggles. We spent most of our time out and about, away from the hotel and all in all was glad to return home after a week. It is the worst hotel we've ever stayed in and would never go back there Room Tip: Pay the extra and upgrade to a Premium room otherwise you may get stuck with the room we had to put... See more room tips'