'it has been several months since we had the unfortunate experience of staying at the Avalon Baccara Cancun and I am still having nightmares. I wanted to give Humberto and the rest of the staff as much time as possible to follow up with us regarding the thefts and the separate robbery we experienced in the two nights we stayed before we packed up at midnight and left. However, they have done nothing, except one phone call from the Avalaon Grand Manager asking for details. Our room wasn't bad, we had a 2 bedroom suite with a kitchen, the beds were miserably hard however, and the fan too noisy to run while sleeping. The first night, my friend commented that she couldn't shut the balcony door properly, which we did finally, but it took a lot of work. The next day we grocery shopped and came home to put things away, including putting a bottle of vodka in the freezer. We went for lunch and returned. The vodka was gone. We went to the front desk right away (after searching everywhere as we really couldn't believe it was really gone!) After waiting 3 or 4 hours, Humberto told us that it had broken on the floor and the housekeeper had cleaned it up. We believed this, though I did search for any evidence, the smell or some leftover glass, but looking back, we wanted to believe it and so did. (glass half full etc.) Then, the plumbing upstairs started to leak into our suite and 3 workmen came into our room for a good hour to fix it. During this time, Humberto wanted to take us to an upstairs suite to show it to us incase we wanted to change rooms. At the last minute, i didn't go with them. The other girls came back confused as it was a studio and there are 4 of us, so it wouldnt have been suitable at all. Then, Humberto invited us to the beach at 8pm to let go some baby turtles, which is a common actiivity in Cancun. We went down, but no one else was there. At all. Two of us went up the the Avalon Grand beside the Baccara and the front desk said it might happen a bit later. The other two of us needed the washroom so we decided to pop back and see if we could get some more information from the Baccara staff. When we got back to our room, we could hear right away that something was wrong. We left our ipod on playing music, as well as lights on. We had wanted to believe everything was ok but we were all a bit on 'hyper alert' so had double checked doors and windows and put our passports and wallets in the safe before we left We noticed the balcony door was open. During our 1/2 hour on the beach, someone came into the room and took the ipod, a very expensive camera that was in a non-descript (not camera) bag (including shots from the Galapagos and Machu Pichu which is the heartbreaking part!), some cash, again, in a non descript sack, a blackberry and a pair of gold earings. We went running to the front desk and the assistant called security who came and started to go through our room inch by inch looking for the things we said were gone. We insisted on calling the police, and while waiting looked at the balcony door because we knew we had locked it. It turned out that the door was damaged and just needed to be lifted up and slid open, whether it was locked or not and as our room was on the first floor it was ridiculously easy to get in. We waited for 4 hours for the police and when they arrived they wouldn't come in the room (policy we were told) and interviewed us out in the lobby. The abysmal police story continued on the next day however, this was out of the hotel's hands so I wont go on. We moved that night and the hotel never once got in touch with us to find out how were doing, as I said, we have only had one phone call and that was as soon as we got home from the sister hotel next door. I will certainly never return and I would recommend people avoid this hotel. It really doesn't have nice beds or decent linens, the rooms are a bit stuffy - especially the bathrooms without windows - there isnt a good restaurant, breakfast is served in a cafe on the street.'