'Traveling to Cancun on business trip almost every three most you get to know the good and the bad hotels and resorts but this one beats all of them. Well it's spring break and one would think that all hotel are busy, but they are not. Hotel owners are complaining because business is slow. Traveling from Belize City, Belize I decided to take a chance and spend few nights at this resort. Arriving late at night the place looked O.K., checked in, decent rate per night. Being tired I decided to go to bed.Room looked decent. Early in morning I'm trying to start the TV, well there is no remote control in the room. Called reception and some young man said we will send someone to take care of it. 1 Hr. passed by nobody show up.Well it's shower time going to the bathroom and I can't belief no wash cloths, two bathtub towels only, fixtures are outdated remembering early 1969, Water puddle on the middle of the bathroom. No nasal tissue, etc.Called reception again, the same answer somebody will take care of the problems.Started to shave turned the faucet on and the water is running not only from the spout but also from the valve stems.Going to take a shower and you have to open the all style glass doors openning it was fine, but closing it was another story.Finally after taking care of my hygiene, it's to for complimentary breakfast, which is being served outside, some few days old fruit, some warm meats most likely left overs from few days ago, omelets are the only item that is made fresh and coffee. With flies all around decided to go and have a breakfast in town. On the way I stopped at the reception to give them my opinion of their resort.Almost forgot the sink in the bathroom was not draining at all.When I returned 6 hrs. later nothing was done and the room was not even cleaned. Another trip to the reception, this time time with the list of items that were not acceptable by to days standards.Older man in reception advised me that the work order was processed in the morning and it will be done. Well it's 6:00 P.M. and nothing was done, well they tried few transmitters and none work, they will get new ones in the morning, nasal tissue we don't provide and rest is minor.I asked for another room and the answer was we don;t have it. I asked for refund and the answer was you will have to speak to the manager, who is not in but you could get him in the morning, well I'm checking out in the morning at 7:00 A.M. well it's to bad. That was my first and last encounter with Solymar Beach & Resort. Room Tip: Stay away as far as you can, there is plenty of nice hotels in Cancun than this one. See more room tips'