'We have just returned from a week in Erperheide. The chalet (we had one which sleeps 5) is best described as compact even though there were only 3 adults and a young child in our party. The kitchenette has a dishwasher, gas hob and very small microwave - no ovens are provided. The bathroom has an over the bath shower, sink and toilet. We did feel quite secluded, and although there are obviously other chalets very close by, the height of the trees and the fact that we were on the end of a block meant we didn't feel overlooked at all. We had paid the extra 30 Euros or so for a specific cottage after my husband spent a long time poring over the map, and we think it was worthwhile. We had the linen package, so the beds were made up on arrival and we were provided with towels. The towels were a bit thin, but we used them at the pool (none provided there) and used our own in the cottage. There were a couple of issues with cleanliness and repairs, but once reported these were dealt with promptly and efficiently. I would recommend the buffet breakfast in the Market Place, which we had every day. There is plenty of food to choose from, a small play area for young children and more than enough to make up sandwiches for lunch, so the cost (about 13 Euros per adult, 7 for children) covered two meals. We did try the "Fun cooking" BBQ package which contained so much food, it provided nearly three lots of meals for us. And we don't skimp on our food! Our two experiences of eating in the Market Cafe - one lunch and one tea, were not good. Poor service, limited food choice, poor quality food. Much better to stick to DIY. Once we had settled all of this, we spent very little else in a weeks worth of holiday. Our 3 year old was in the pool for a couple of hours every day, the soft play was also well used but can get a bit boisterous for small ones. The childrens farm and playground were big hits as were simple pleasures like feeding the ducks (thankyou breakfast buffet for supplying rolls) and playing on the bikes chained up outside the bike hut. We didn't bother to hire a bike as this park is quite small and easily walkable. The advertised "wannabe" activities are parent-free zones and our little one is a bit shy so these were not suitable for us. There are tennis courts (untried) and probably the most confusing trim trail of all time, but we tried every morning anyway. We had a morning out in Peer (only 2km away) which was nice. Wonderful interactive tourist centre, Breugel museum (tourist office give you the key and you show yourself round). We had a great lunch in Marktzicht, Drossaardplein 8 in Peer - the most magnificent salads ever. There are supermarkets in Peer but if you have little ones please note the only place to get fresh full milk is in the shop in Centerparcs itself. We got a few things there and to be fair found the prices pretty comparable with the outside supermarkets. Overall great for families, esp those with young children. We live not far away and would consider returning for a weekend. Oh, and our dog loved it too! Room Tip: Worth looking at the map if you are prepared to pay for a specific cottage. See more room tips'