'We were a couple traveling with our 13 year old son & booked a junior suite. The room was nice (two adjoining rooms, one with King bed, the other with pull out sofa and each had a bathroom which was convenient). Because it was a courtyard view, we asked and received a gardens/Eiffel tower view which was not available until the next day. The second suite had a huge sitting area in addition to the king bedroom, but only one bathroom. Pros: beautiful old building with perfect location to many tourist attractions. Cons: The sofa bed was not made up and we needed to call front desk at 11:30 pm to get it done. They responded quickly when called. The next morning, when changing to the 2nd suite, we reminded the front desk we had 3 people and to please make up the sofa bed. When we came back to the hotel that evening, the sofa bed was not made up, and there were only towels and robes for two. Had to call for housekeeping again. Also, the floor had not been vacuumed - crumbs around a table and generally not taken care of, including a dirty glass in bathroom. Again when we came back after being out all day, the beds were made, but floor still not vacuumed and obviously used dishes and glasses not taken away. (Obvious) trash was not removed unless placed in the trash basket. We ended up putting dirty glasses and empty bottles on a cart in the hallway. Nothing was picked up either - generally when you're spending about $840 per night, you expect a little service. This is the only hotel in years where I have not tipped housekeeping. Paris was the end of an18 day European vacation across Germany, Italy, Belgium and England staying in a variety of hotels from the Savoy in London (perfect) to B & B's in Germany. All had better housekeeping and most had free internet access (Westin had internet access in lobby only for some ridiculous price.) Westin Paris is a beautiful hotel that needs some attention and under current management is no five star hotel and is definitely not worth the price. Would not stay here again. Room Tip: Rooms with best views can be noisy until the See more room tips'