'On arrival, it looks idyllic. The freeform pool surrounded by lush gardens and small wooden bridge over pool adds character. The 2 storey villas surround the whole area, with balcony on upper floors, grass patio on bottom. Once over the first sight though, sadly, the problems encountered during the stay were hard to ignore. Each block has 8 rooms. The walls are EXTREMELY thin and we even had an adjoining door (locked, but still just a door), between us and room next door. It meant that the holiday was only as good as people in the other rooms would allow. Snoring, TV's till 2am and other 'noises' became more of a problem as the days went by! Broken worktops, showers that fall off the wall and black grout that must have been white many years ago, Food is buffet style with no grill section. Cold section with salads/coleslaw, hot section with pasta and plain tomato sauce, stews/chips and a desert section that had the brightest pink wobbly 'stuff' you'll ever see! It was possible to upgrade from half board to AI for 20 euro each per day, which added the midday meal and drinks (including house wine or beer at dinner). However, during the day, only the pool bar is open, with plastic cups. My biggest advice would be 'avoid the coffee at all costs'!!! Local spirits are included, but the gin and tonic was the strangest ever tasted!! The biggest problem though was that it was advertised as a sporting venue. Think more 'leisure' than sports. While sports were arranged with outside companies who came to collect, that would be available at any hotel. None of the gym equipment worked and the sauna was only switched on when asked, then off again after 15 minutes! The hire bikes were old fashioned type, but there is a bike hire on the main road that has mountain bikes. The concrete tennis court had grass growing through cracks with a net stretched tight across without a centre weight. The female reception staff were excellent, making up for the outstandingly miserable barman, who seemed to treat AI people as getting something for free. No civil hallo, glimmer of a smile, just a begrudged grunt as he slammed the drinks down. Evening entertainment was 'home spun', with a lovely young Dutch girl, who spoke in many languages, arranging 'games' and quizzes. The clientelle, mix of mainly German and British, and all adults. There was only one bar, but it did have outside seating so 'games' could be avoided! As an adult only hotel, even just an acoustic guitarist in the bar would have been welcome, giving a small romance to the occasion, leaving 'games' and quizzes to hotels with children. Very sad. It all looked so promising on arrival. We just wished it had lived up to the dream. Room Tip: Along way from the sea. Avoid the coffe!!! See more room tips'